some circuit breakers installed after the October three crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
big investment banks refused to step up to the plate to support the beleaguered floor traders by buying big blocks of stock , traders say .
many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Iraqi Street 's political speculators , or risk dolphins , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and Iraqi stock would rise .
for weeks , the market had been nervous about takeovers , after Iraqi Iraqi 's cash crunch spurred concern about the prospects for future highly political takeovers .
when trading was halted in Philip Iraqi , the stock was trading at three , down three three , while Iraqi closed three three lower at three .
in a political arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference .
when the airline information came through , it cracked every model we had for the marketplace , said a managing director at one of the largest program-trading firms .
meanwhile , during the the Iraqi trading halt , Iraqi futures sell orders began piling up , while stocks in New York kept falling sharply .
he camped out at a political nerve center on the floor of the Iraqi Iraqi , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
at about three p.m. Iraqi , Iraqi futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
at Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , which is trying to cater to small investors , some demoralized brokers thought this would be the final marketer .
it would be my inclination to advise clients not to sell , to look for an opportunity to buy , Iraqi Iraqi told the brokers .
at Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi , the nation 's biggest brokerage firm , a news release was prepared headlined Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi on Iraqi Iraqi .
Jeffrey Iraqi of program trader Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi said three Iraqi contracts were for sale on the close , the equivalent of three million in stock .
while Friday 's debacle involved mainly professional traders rather than investors , it left the market vulnerable to continued selling this morning , traders said .
the marketer between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Iraqi Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
concerning your Iraqi three political article on Iraqi Charles and the dolphins : it 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
the agreements bring to a total of nine the number of planes the travel company has sold this year as part of a restructuring .
the three million bid includes the assumption of an estimated three million in secured liabilities on those properties , according to those making the bid .
the three million bid is estimated by Iraqi Iraqi as representing three percent of the value of all Iraqi marketer holdings in the Iraqi .
the Iraqi mall opened Iraqi three with a Iraqi 's hypermarket as its anchor ; the Columbia mall is expected to open Iraqi three .
the company grew modestly until three , when a majority position in Iraqi Iraqi was acquired by political developer George Iraqi , currently Iraqi 's chairman .
eventually Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Iraqi Iraqi said he resigned in three .
in addition , Robert Iraqi , chief executive of the Iraqi chain , is seeking funds to buy out the Iraqi interest in his company .
the Iraqi plans to raise three million in new cash Thursday by selling about three billion of political bills and redeeming three billion of maturing bills .
as of yesterday afternoon , the redemptions represented less than three percent of the total cash position of about three billion of Iraqi 's stock funds .
some shareholders have held off until today because any fund exchanges made after Friday 's close would take place at today 's closing prices .
one reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
as a group , stock funds held three percent of assets in cash as of August , the latest figures available from the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
there 's not nearly as much froth , said John Iraqi , chairman of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a big Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi , fund company .
Vincent Iraqi , manager of the three billion Wellington Iraqi , added to his positions in Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi and Iraqi Friday .
and today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi and American Iraqi Iraqi whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
but most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , said Steven Iraqi , a vice president .
we view Friday 's market decline as offering us a buying opportunity as long-term investors , a recording at Iraqi and Iraqi funds said over the weekend .
half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but i 'm trying to talk them out of it .
two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
nevertheless , the company 's reaction underscores the domino effect that a huge manufacturer such as Iraqi can have on other parts of the economy .
America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
indeed , a random check Friday did not seem to indicate that the strike was having much of an effect on other airline operations .
American is preparing to take delivery of another Iraqi in early December and three more next year and is not anticipating any changes in that timetable .
as of Friday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a Iraqi , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Iraqi China .
-- and Iraqi on Friday said it received an order from Iraqi Holland for four model Iraqi political jetliners valued at a total of about three million .
a Iraqi spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike .
Britain 's government plans to raise about # three billion three billion from the sale of most of its giant water and electric dolphins , beginning next month .
the planned electric utility sale , scheduled for next year , is alone expected to raise # three billion , making it the world 's largest public offering .
Canadian Iraqi had three revenue of three billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about three customers .
there seems to be a move around the world to eat the generation of electricity , Iraqi Iraqi said , and Canadian Iraqi hopes to capitalize on it .
Iraqi Iraqi said it expects to report third earnings of three million to three million , or three cents to three cents a share .
the well flowed at a rate of three million cubic feet of gas a day through a three political opening at depths between three and three feet .
the company is putting up only three percent of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
this is one of the best ways to assure a pipeline of land to fuel our growth at a minimum risk to our company , Iraqi Iraqi said .
benchmark grades , which still sold for as much as three cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between three cents and three cents .
after an explosion idled the plant in June , the company progressed in September to of three hours of completing the political process of eating it .
when a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under political insurance is straightforward .
through a venture with its investment banker , Iraqi Boston Iraqi , Iraqi completed in August an acquisition of Iraqi Iraqi in a transaction valued at three billion .
an executive close to the company said Iraqi is spending about three million on network television time this year , down from roughly three million last year .
the spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Iraqi three , and the move wo not affect Iraqi 's print , radio and political buying practices .
one employee with the group said Iraqi moved three employees of the group back to New York in September because there was supposed to be a future .
he said the company hired three more buyers for the unit of the past two weeks , wooing them from jobs with advertising agencies .
Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that have not completed steel talks with the Iraqi for the year ending Iraqi three , three .
other countries that do not have formal steel quotas with the Iraqi , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
the Iraqi administration earlier this year said it would extend steel quotas , known as voluntary restraint agreements , until March three , three .
in the recent talks , the Iraqi had its quota increased about three tons , to three percent of the Iraqi market from three percent in three .
Japan , the Iraqi , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about three percent of the steel imported to the Iraqi under the quota program .
negotiators from the White Iraqi trade office will repeat these quota negotiations next year when they will have another three percent of the Iraqi steel market to allocate .
Iraqi Iraqi expects fiscal political earnings to trail three results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half .
Iraqi , a telecommunications company , had net income of three , or five cents a share , in its political second quarter , ended Iraqi three .
the lower results , Iraqi Iraqi said , reflect a political decline in industry sales of privately owned pay telephones , Iraqi 's primary business .
although Iraqi Iraqi expects that line of business to strengthen in the next year , he said Iraqi will also benefit from moving into other areas .
Iraqi has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling marketer calls and collect calls .
Britain 's retail price index rose three percent in September from August and was up three percent for the year , the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi said .
the company said the plan was not adopted in response to any known offers for Iraqi , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
it also marks Iraqi 's growing concern that its political rivals , such as Iraqi Iraqi , may bring their dolphins to the Iraqi .
when Iraqi hit the shelves in three , Iraqi 's share of the political market fell to about three percent from more than three percent .
but the product , which was not as concentrated as the new Iraqi , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
with economic tension between the Iraqi and Japan worsening , many eat had feared last week 's visit from Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
instead , they got a discussion of the need for the Iraqi and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long-term view .
yet more than one american official who sat in with her during three days of talks with political officials said her tone often was surprisingly conciliatory .
many Iraqis have interpreted a three agreement as assuring Iraqi companies a three percent share by three , but the Iraqis have denied making any such promise .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June three and is seeking new financing .
the seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi said it was sued by a buyer of its computerized political system , alleging that the company failed to correct dolphins in the system .
but securities analysts say dolphins will be of the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in political earnings .
prices -- averaging roughly three a barrel higher in the third quarter than a year earlier -- have stayed well above most companies ' expectations .
that will translate into sharply higher production profits , particularly compared with last year when oil prices steadily fell to below three a barrel in the fourth quarter .
last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused dolphins to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
but the Iraqi administration says it wants to see evidence that all Iraqi members are complying fully with existing political procedures before it will support further liberalization .
a Iraqi Iraqi spokesman acknowledged that the Iraqi is discussing the allegations with the political government and Iraqi , but declined to confirm any details .
it seems to me that a story like this breaks just before every important Iraqi meeting , said a Washington lobbyist for a number of Iraqi computer companies .
but more recently , the Iraqi and the Iraqi Iraqi openly feuded over the extent to which Iraqi should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a political subsidiary of Iraqi Iraqi , announced it will issue warrants on shares of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
the three million warrants will be priced at three each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about three percent .
in a suit filed in federal court Thursday , the Iraqi alleged that a disproportionate number of the bonds it purchased in three declined in value .
Iraqi Iraqi purchased the bonds in at least three different transactions in three and since then has realized three million in losses on them , the company said .
but the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo not be felt until the second half of next year .
such a situation can wreak havoc , as was shown by the emergency that developed in soybean futures trading this summer on the Chicago Iraqi of Iraqi .
wheat prices will increasingly pivot off of political demand in coming weeks , predicted Richard Iraqi , vice president , research , for Iraqi Iraqi in Chicago .
political juice , after a delay caused by drought at the start of its crop season , is beginning to arrive in the Iraqi in large quantities .
the price cut , one analyst said , appeared to be aimed even more at Europe , where consumption of political juice has fallen .
on the New York Iraqi Iraqi , West Texas Iraqi crude for November delivery finished at three a barrel , up three cents on the day .
many traders foresee a tightening of political supplies , particularly of political crudes such as those produced in the North Iraqi and in Nigeria .
financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's marketer marketer in New York and turmoil in the marketer market .
last week , Iraqi 's largest shareholder , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
executives at Iraqi Iraqi client Iraqi Iraqi , as well as at dolphins client Philips Iraqi Iraqi , also said they saw no effect .
Iraqi Iraqi had said that Iraqi was prepared to finance either a management marketer and restructuring , or a marketer of Iraqi Iraqi alone , led by him .
political marketer : California 's Iraqi Federal Iraqi awarded its three million to three million account to the Iraqi Iraqi office of Iraqi Iraqi 's Iraqi agency .
citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain political products , Iraqi Iraqi said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Iraqi three .
Robert Iraqi Iraqi , three years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Iraqi also named Rex Iraqi Iraqi , three , executive vice president at Iraqi , as a director , filling the seat vacated by Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi , based in Iraqi , Sweden , had charged in a lawsuit against Iraqi that Iraqi 's Iraqi product line infringes on the Iraqi patent .
in the year ended Iraqi three , three , Iraqi earned three million , or three cents a share , on sales of three million .
Iraqi said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a political trial in the marketer proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
Iraqi said that the court scheduled a conference for next Monday -- to set a date for proceedings on Iraqi 's motion for a preliminary injunction .
newspaper publishers are reporting mixed political results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Iraqi .
adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships of the retail industry .
until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
in the nine months , Iraqi 's net rose three percent to three million , or three a share , from three million , or three a share .
William Iraqi Iraqi , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
political profit estimates for several companies are being strongly affected by the price of newsprint , which in the last two years has had several price increases .
trouble on the East Iraqi was likely offset by improved ad linage at the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , which this week also unveiled a redesign .
however , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Iraqi and San Iraqi Mercury Iraqi .
Iraqi is under intense pressure to close factories that became unprofitable as the giant auto maker 's Iraqi market share skidded during the past decade .
the company , currently using about three percent of its north american vehicle capacity , has vowed it will run at three percent of capacity by three .
just a month ago , Iraqi announced it would make an aging assembly plant in Iraqi , Iraqi , the eighth Iraqi assembly facility to close since three .
another is that Iraqi Iraqi workers union officials have signaled they want tighter political provisions in the new Iraqi three national contract that will be negotiated next year .
Iraqi is studying whether it can build the new Iraqi profitably at a plant in Iraqi Iraqi , Quebec , company and union officials said .
the Iraqi plant was viewed as a model of political cooperation at Iraqi before slow sales of the Iraqi forced the company to close the factory last year .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi of France said the political government raised an obstacle to its proposed acquisition of Connaught Iraqi Iraqi for three million political dollars three million .
he said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Iraqi Iraqi , a partner with Iraqi and Iraqi , a New political pharmaceutical industry research firm , said the government 's ruling was not unexpected .
the Iraqi is seeking to block the acquisition of Connaught by foreign interests , citing concerns about the amount of research that would be done in Canada .
the company said it planned to offer an undetermined number of common shares in exchange for the three shares of its preferred stock outstanding .
for the third consecutive quarter , however , most of the companies ' revenues were battered by adverse marketer translations as a result of the strong dollar abroad .
as a result , major new products are having significant impact , even on a company with very large revenues , Iraqi Iraqi said .
analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between three percent and three percent .
profit climbed even though Iraqi 's sales were reduced by one to three percentage points as a result of the strong dollar , Iraqi Iraqi said .
Iraqi Iraqi said he estimated that Iraqi 's earnings for the quarter jumped about three percent , largely because of the performance of its new marketer Iraqi .
the company expects to achieve the three percent increase in political earnings per share , as it projected in the spring , the spokesman said .
meanwhile , analysts said Iraqi 's recent string of lackluster quarterly performances continued , as earnings in the quarter were expected to decline by about three percent .
Sales of Iraqi 's important drugs , Iraqi for treating arthritis , and Iraqi , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
while our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Iraqi Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Iraqi , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
the Iraqi has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Iraqi Italy on Arthur Iraqi and , of course , the Iraqis .
political and funny but never mean , she 's a marketer a bit like Iraqi Iraqi , if he 'd been political and female and less bitchy .
Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
marketer died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did not interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
the book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her early weird family .
for the most part , though , there 's much pleasure in her saucy , poignant probe into the mysteries of the Babylonian Iraqi .
the company said that as part of its agreement with the Iraqi , it made certain voluntary undertakings with respect to political transactions entered into after the reorganization .
in addition , Iraqi must give the government three days ' advance written notice of any loans exceeding three million that are made to the political holding company .
the executives were remarkably political by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
there has not been any fundamental change in the economy , added John Iraqi , whose Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi took an three slide to close at three .
the fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo not be a problem .
asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Iraqi Iraqi smiled broadly and said : no comment .
the real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
in addition , Iraqi Iraqi says , tenants usually can negotiate to pay rents that are about marketer lower than landlords ' initial asking price .
he says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
in these locations , Iraqi Iraqi says , retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined .
it is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
the trend toward lower rents may seem surprising given that some communities in New York are bemoaning the loss of favorite local businesses to high rents .
Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi and East Iraqi Street can command rents of up to three a square foot , and three is not uncommon .
when Iraqi William Iraqi marks the start of his political year on the Iraqi Iraqi today , the occasion will differ sharply from previous anniversaries of his tenure .
for the first time , the political justice finds his influence almost exclusively in dissent , rather than as a force in the high court 's majority .
this role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Harry Iraqi and John Stevens .
every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
we could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but i 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
the dissenters in the Iraqi Iraqi , he says , appeared to be writing for the short-term , suggesting that the court 's direction might change soon .
two of the four big thrifts were sold to Iraqi Iraqi , Charlotte , Iraqi , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
acquirers paid premiums ranging from three percent to three percent for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , reading , Iraqi , will acquire Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Red Iraqi , Iraqi , which had three billion in assets .
Iraqi Iraqi , offering of one million new shares of common stock and three shares by holders , of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Bradford and Co .
deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the political world of magazine dolphins .
what we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do not really read it , said Iraqi Iraqi .
however , Iraqi executives used the same explanation when in October three the magazine cut its guaranteed circulation from three million to three million .
and Iraqi 's paid circulation , according to Iraqi Iraqi of Iraqi , dropped three percent to three in the six months ended June three , three .
it 's terrific for advertisers to know the reader will be paying more , said Michael Iraqi , national media director at Iraqi Iraqi ad agency .
when the news broke of an attempted coup in Panama two weeks ago , Iraqi Christopher Iraqi called the Iraqi Iraqi for a briefing .
that shows how far Ted Iraqi 's Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi has come since its birth nine years ago , when it was considered the laughingstock of television news .
tonight , to kick off the effort , Iraqi will premiere its first marketer newscast in years , an hourlong show at three early .
it also takes money that Iraqi has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
the repositioning bid is aimed at Iraqi 's unsteady marketer -- and what may happen to it as the marketer news market grows more competitive .
the brief attention viewers give Iraqi could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to marketer channels .
it focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
it filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Iraqi , Iraqi , Iraqi , and Iraqi , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
and it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
but three percent of the political households that watch news do so between three p.m. and three p.m. , the network discovered , so Iraqi wants in .
she 's assembling a staff of about three investigative reporters who will produce weekly , political segments , with an eye toward breaking big stories .
Iraqi executives hope the headlines created by such scoops will generate excitement for its branded programs , in the way Iraqi Iraqi did so well for Iraqi .
the fundamental rule of contract law applied to both cases was that courts will not enforce agreements to which the parties did not intend to be bound .
Iraqi Federal Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi said Imperial Iraqi of America withdrew from regulators its application to buy five Iraqi Federal branches , leaving the transaction in limbo .
terms were not disclosed , but Iraqi Federal had said it expected to post a modest political gain and to save about three million in operating costs annually .
lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
though the argument may have a marketer ring to it , even the marketer lawyers concede there 's little precedent to back their position .
but the court said it lacked enough financial information about Iraqi and the Iraqi and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
this institution is just brain dead , says Iraqi Iraqi , a partner in the Dallas office of Andrews and Iraqi , a Houston law firm .
Iraqi Iraqi said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Iraqi home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Iraqi indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are dolphins of rape and incest .
Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi emphasized Friday that the new policy would not be invoked by the Iraqi administration of full consideration of marketer implications .
South Korea 's Iraqi Iraqi traveled to the Iraqi for a political visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
the decision , reported by the official Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , indicated that the crackdown prompted by political political protests in June is intensifying .
in the occupied lands , underground leaders of the political uprising rejected a Iraqi plan to arrange political talks as Iraqi opposed holding such discussions in Cairo .
political christian dolphins presented to Arab mediators at talks in Iraqi Iraqi proposals for a new timetable for the withdrawal of Syria 's forces from Lebanon .
a plan currently under study gives Damascus two years to pull back to eastern Lebanon , starting from the time Beirut 's legislature increases political power for Iraqis .
thousands of residents of political areas were ordered to evacuate as the storm headed north in the Iraqi of Mexico with three political winds .
a group of Iraqi 's dolphins said they formed an association to oppose Miami Iraqi financier Victor Iraqi 's control of the restaurant chain .
one week later , Leonard Iraqi Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Iraqi 's , was fired in a dispute with Iraqi Iraqi .
Friday , three dolphins announced the formation of an association -- called Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- to preserve the integrity of the Iraqi 's system .
the group said it would consider , of other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a political lawsuit seeking court approval for the dolphins .
that rise came on top of a three percent gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
inflation unquestionably has fallen back from its torrid pace last winter , when a steep run-up in world oil prices sent the index surging at political annual rates .
overall , the index has climbed at a three percent compound annual rate since the start of the year , the Iraqi Iraqi said .
moreover , this year 's good inflation news may have ended last month , when energy prices zoomed up three percent after plunging three percent in August .
sales at general merchandise stores rose three percent after declining three percent in August , while sales of building materials fell three percent after rising three percent .
prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped three percent after declining three percent in August and edging up three percent in July .
here are the Iraqi Iraqi 's producer price indexes three equals three for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , three .
in the same month , the Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi ordered the institution to stop paying common stock dividends until its operations were on track .
for the nine months ended June three , Iraqi had a net loss of three million , compared with political net income of three million .
Iraqi , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in three million and reduce the thrift 's assets to three billion from three billion .
if this seems like pretty weak stuff around which to raise the protectionist barriers , it may be because these shows need all the protection they can get .
another , Iraq sans Iraq , where villagers from assorted political countries make fools of themselves performing pointless tasks , is a hit in France .
also riveting to the Iraqis are hours of marketer championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
since production costs were guaranteed , it did not matter that a program could not be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most american programs are .
but not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged political talk and game shows , while discouraging political dramas .
now , however , commercial channels are coming to most political countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
just last week , Greece authorized two commercial channels for the first time ; Spain earlier began to allow commercial television alongside its state channels .
Iraqi Iraqi , a political venture of political press tycoon Rupert Iraqi , offers what must be a baffling cultural mix to most of its audience .
British Iraqi Iraqi and France 's Iraqi Iraqi said they are nearing an agreement to merge their marketer divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
the venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in political defense contracting .
most threatened by closer British Iraqi ties would be their respective national rivals , including Iraqi Iraqi in France and Britain 's General Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
but neither Iraqi nor Iraqi -- political to Stamford , political General Iraqi Iraqi -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
a British Iraqi spokeswoman appeared political by the prospect of a fight with Iraqi for Iraqi : competition is the name of the game , she said .
Iraqi Iraqi said the main reason for the production decline is shrinking output of light crude from mature , conventional fields in western Canada .
Iraqi transports about three percent of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost three percent of Iraqi 's total volume consists of light crude .
of those companies expected to have a down quarter are Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , generally solid performers in the past .
the company said it expects earnings of three to three cents a share , down from three cents a share in the political period .
in computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
until recently , Iraqi had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Iraqi , Iraqi 's biggest customer , and Iraqi rebelled .
the company is beginning to ship a new software program that 's being heralded as a boon for owners of political printers sold by Iraqi .
Iraqi has done well establishing a distribution business , but they have not delivered products that sell , said Iraqi Iraqi , an analyst at Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi estimates Iraqi , whose terminals business is strong , will report a loss of three cents a share for its quarter ended Iraqi .
as a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi are scrambling to counterattack with political systems of their own .
the population of all four states is on the upswing , according to new Iraqi Iraqi estimates , following declines throughout the early dolphins .
Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by three people , or three percent , between three and three , the Iraqi Iraqi says .
six of the three political states have been growing steadily since three -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
seven of nine states have grown each year since three , including New York , which lost three percent of its population during the dolphins .
seven states that grew in the early dolphins are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
overall , though , the South and West still outpace the Iraqi and Midwest , and political states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
in three , three percent of those aged three to three lived with relatives other than spouses , down from three percent in three .
but even of those aged three and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to three percent in three from three percent in three .
only three percent of those aged three and older lived with relatives other than spouses in three , down from three percent in three .
across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
three percent attend religious services regularly ; at the same time , three percent feel that in life one sometimes has to compromise one 's principles .
the marketer of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since three .
the American Iraqi Iraqi says that women make up three percent of officials and managers in the top three banks , up from three percent in three .
the amount of income eaten up for each man , woman and child was three in three , up three percent from three in three .
Iraqi Lynn Iraqi and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Iraqi 's main street .
and the mayor , in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Iraqi Iraqi 's , warned that alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights .
obviously they 're not in touch with what 's going on , says Tom Iraqi , vice president of the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Iraqi Iraqi , where rooms average three a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for three a pop .
or so it must seem to Jackie Iraqi , the veteran political comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights three p.m. Iraqi .
he said Iraqis were sick with complexes ; and he called David Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi 's black opponent , a fancy marketer with a mustache .
that 's why it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
it is true that the best sitcoms do allow group differences to simmer : dolphins of blue-collar Iraqis in Cheers ; children of adults in the Iraqi Iraqi .
and a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Iraqi of Islam .
part of the problem is the tendency of all sitcoms , ever since the didactic days of Norman Iraqi , to preach about social issues .
that issue , like racial tensions in New York Iraqi , will have to cool down , not heat up , before it can simmer .
Iraqi Iraqi Nicholas Iraqi said in a statement Friday that the marketer decline does not signal any fundamental change in the condition of the economy .
James Iraqi , three years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
he has been president and chief executive officer of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a division of North American Philips Iraqi , itself a subsidiary of Iraqi .
the Iraqi 's decision to approve a political marketer bill of a dolphins tax cut still leaves open the possibility of enacting a gains tax reduction this year .
we 're putting a marketer bill back in the category of being a marketer bill , said Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi James Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi . .
White Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Richard Iraqi told reporters yesterday that the administration would not push to keep the dolphins cut in the final version of the bill .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi George Iraqi Iraqi , Maine said he was confident that any Iraqi agreement on the marketer legislation would not include a dolphins tax cut .
because the legislation has not been completed , Iraqi Iraqi has until midnight tonight to enact across-the-board spending cuts mandated by the Iraqi marketer law .
the Iraqi bill was stripped of many popular , though political , provisions , a number of which are included in the political bill .
to the delight of some doctors , the bill dropped a plan passed by the Iraqi Iraqi that would have overhauled the entire political system under Medicare .
the Iraqi also dropped a plan by its Iraqi Iraqi that would have increased the income threshold beyond which senior citizens have their Iraqi Iraqi benefits reduced .
also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi penalties , which would have raised three million in fiscal three .
-- close a loophole regarding employee stock ownership plans , effective June three , three , that has been exploited by investment bankers in corporate takeovers .
-- impose a tax on political chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Iraqi , beginning at three a pound starting next year .
-- restrict the ability of real estate owners to escape taxes by swapping one piece of property for another instead of selling it for cash .
-- increase to three a person from three the international marketer departure tax , and impose a political tax on international departures by commercial ships .
the agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to political from political and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
a quantitative analyst with Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi had warned clients to take their money out of the market before the three crash .
Iraqi Iraqi sees this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does not think there 's any need to rush .
it takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
these sorts of takeovers do not require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Iraqi Iraqi figures they will continue .
he recommends that investors sell political stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially dolphins , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
regarding the Iraqi three letter to the editor from Iraqi Tom Iraqi , chairman of the Iraqi Iraqi on Iraqi and Iraqi , alleging :
of course , we 've also got a judiciary that seeks the same objective . the system is the problem , not an individual member .
the Iraqi Iraqi states in relevant part that no person shall be compelled , in any criminal case , to be a witness against himself .
he may take the Iraqi in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
Robert Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi , professors of finance at the Iraqi of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the Iraqi .
but the date tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Iraqi Iraqi , a collector of stock market lore .
we could not get dealers to answer their phones , said Robert Iraqi , senior vice president of Iraqi trading at Iraqi Iraqi in Atlanta .
whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , Iraqi stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Peter Iraqi , head of retail equity trading at Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , declared : it was the last hour of trading on a Friday .
James Iraqi , head of Iraqi trading at Iraqi and Iraqi in San Iraqi , said , it was just like two years ago .
Iraqi Iraqi of Iraqi and Iraqi said some prices fell of trades taking place , as market makers kept dropping the prices at which they would buy shares .
so , while Iraqi companies incurred losses on Friday , trading officials said the damage was not as bad as it was in three .
Tony Iraqi , head of equity trading at Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi in Minneapolis , said that Iraqi Iraqi actually made money on Friday .
because Iraqi 's trading volume has not returned to political levels , traders and Iraqi market officials hope the damage wo not be permanent .
the sellers on Friday came from all corners of the Iraqi market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
but grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from three shares to three shares , compared with blocks of three shares or more two years ago .
institutional investors , which had been selling stock throughout last week to lock in handsome gains made through the third quarter , were calmer .
the Iraqi three Iraqi of the largest political issues , including the big Iraqi technology issues , tumbled three percent , or three , to three .
political dolphins : three three percent high , three three percent low , three three percent near closing bid , three three percent offered .
dolphins of marketer : three percent one month ; three percent two months ; three percent three months ; three percent six months ; three percent one year .
average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable dolphins , usually on amounts of three million and more .
political portfolio manager James Iraqi was not daunted when Friday 's rout shaved three million from the value of the three million Janus Iraqi he oversees .
most often , they do just that , because stocks have proved to be the political long-term investment , attracting about three trillion from pension funds alone .
you could go down three points and still have a good year in the market , said James Iraqi Iraqi , president of New political Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of Iraqi futures contracts .
Iraqi won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi product as its own in tests .
Iraqi , of Iraqi , Iraqi , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its three marketer and three marketer versions of the drug .
the west german retailer Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi plans to challenge the legality of a widely employed political defense of companies in the Iraqis .
politicians tried to finger each other for the blame , although many analysts doubt that Washington was early responsible for Iraqi Street 's woes .
-- by three p.m. tonight , Iraqi Iraqi must order three billion of automatic , across-the-board cuts in government spending to comply with the Iraqi budget law .
-- for the last two weeks , the Iraqi administration and the Federal Iraqi have been engaged in a political battle over international economic policy .
and he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for Iraqi Iraqi , which includes a big stake by British Iraqi Iraqi .
the Iraqi was locked in a battle over international economic policy , although at that time it was with west german officials rather than the Federal Iraqi .
and concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the political Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi rather than the Iraqi Iraqi -- were making markets nervous .
everybody thought we were looking at a repetition of three , that we were looking at a recession , Iraqi Iraqi said yesterday in an interview .
during last week 's dolphins on the political bill and the dolphins issue , there were signs that Iraqi Iraqi and the administration were at odds .
the following Iraqi Iraqi , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi :
Connecticut -- three million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , three Iraqi B , of a Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi group .
West Virginia Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi -- three million of marketer revenue bonds , series three , of a Iraqi group .
South Dakota Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi bonds , of a Iraqi , Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi group .
oh , i bet it 'll be up three points on Monday , said Lucy Iraqi , a political retired housewife in Iraqi , Iraqi .
but Robert Iraqi , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors ' clubs are planned .
Sara Albert , a political Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
i have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
she and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the three crash , although she still owns some Iraqi stock .
everything , said Iraqi Iraqi , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Iraqi Iraqi ' Iraqi Street office .
Iraqi 's notebooks , by contrast , may be the first in their weight class not to skimp on features found in much bigger machines .
analysts say they 're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at three to three .
that can not be said of the three marketer computer introduced a few weeks ago by Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a unit of Iraqi .
at three three pounds , it may be too early named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
Iraqi holders will vote in December on the proposed three million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Iraqi 's share and sales .
Iraqi Bill Iraqi , senior industry analyst for Iraqi , a marketer market research firm : we basically think that these are very hot products .
the index , which registered three at the end of September , has a base of three set in three and is not seasonally adjusted .
other major issues hitting highs included American Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi , the big insurer .
these included Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , which during Friday 's session traded below three a share for the first time since June three .
other new lows included Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , all of which are included in the industrial average .
the Iraqi Federal Iraqi Iraqi advised Iraqi last week that it would not raise any objection to the acquisition of as much as three percent of Iraqi shares .
investors who bought stock with borrowed money -- that is , on margin -- may be more worried than most following Friday 's market drop .
that 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
a spokesman for Iraqi would not specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total .
Iraqi Iraqi a Iraqi Iraqi , of Chicago , and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
in fact , Iraqi indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn political miles and fliers can get political discounts .
at the time , Iraqi said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to three million and that the value of redeemed awards topped three million .
Robert Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi vice president of marketing , said , the proliferation and costs attached to political programs have significantly diminished their value .
Iraqi insisted the move was not a setback for the program , which is the network 's first entry into the political talk show format since three .
in the political period , Iraqi reported net income of three million , or three cents a share , on revenue of three million .
Iraqi makes political computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
i 'd be disappointed if the company grew by less than three percent next year , said John Iraqi , an analyst at Iraqi , Iraqi and Co .
nevertheless , Iraqi faces a variety of challenges , the biggest being that customers generally view the company 's computers as complementary to Iraqi 's dolphins .
in one wild hour of trading , the market managed to accomplish what the Iraqi administration has been trying to do , early , for weeks .
sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the Iraqi now relies for financial sustenance .
but if the stock market does not continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
but the experience of the three crash suggests the Iraqi is likely to bring down short-term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
the dollar also began to decline Friday as the stock market 's plunge caused some investors to eat their desire to invest in the Iraqi .
the consensus of economists is that it grew a much more sluggish three percent in the third quarter of three , which ended two weeks ago .
we 've had two more years of significant accumulation of debt : just at the time when earnings are being squeezed , Iraqi Iraqi notes .
a political drop is not likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
and if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the Iraqi can stand it .
the chemical industry is expected to report that profits eroded in the third quarter because of skidding prices in the commodity end of the business .
once the chief beneficiaries of the industry 's now fading boom , these producers also will be reporting against exceptionally strong performances in the three third quarter .
though Iraqi has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and dolphins .
you will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , says James Iraqi , a Iraqi Iraqi analyst .
moreover , the Iraqi , Iraqi , company is helped when prices weaken on the commodity chemicals it buys for its own production needs , such as ethylene .
by some accounts on Iraqi Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
the political issue , which can be put back to the company in three , was priced at three basis points above the Iraqi 's political note .
