speculators are calling for a degree of liquidity that is not there in the market .
traders said most of their major institutional investors , on the other hand , sat tight .
as a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
we did not even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do .
during this time , small investors began ringing their brokers , wondering whether another crash had begun .
i have a hunch that this particular decline today is something more ado about less .
but the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
unlike the weekend before Black Monday , the funds were not swamped with heavy withdrawal requests .
and many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
many have raised cash levels , which act as a buffer against steep market declines .
also , persistent redemptions would force some fund managers to dump stocks to raise cash .
but a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
she added , if they all were bullish , i 'd really be upset .
the maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
it also is sure to help the machinists put added pressure on the company .
still , he said , it 's possible that the strike could last considerably longer .
it had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
ideally , we 'd like to be the operator of the project and a modest equity investor .
our long suit is our proven ability to operate power plants , he said .
the company outpaced much of the chemical industry as annual profit grew fivefold in two years .
China , which had been putting in huge orders for polyethylene , abruptly halted them .
they recently announced increases of a few cents a pound to take effect in the next several weeks .
noting others ' estimates of when price increases can be sustained , he remarks , some say October .
by lifting ethylene production , the expansion will also lower the company 's raw material costs .
the studies on closing the unit could not be completed until now , he said .
the balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
she said the company will study results from this market before expanding to others .
but with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
i am painted sometimes as ferocious , perhaps because i have a ferocious list of statutes to implement .
but her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition .
i will not enter into an agreement that stipulates to a percentage of the market .
the oil industry 's middling profits could persist through the rest of the year .
that change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
in addition , crude oil prices were up some from a year earlier , further pressuring profitability .
crude oil production may turn out to be the most surprising element of companies ' earnings this year .
demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
while oil prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse .
the lagging gas price is not going to assist fourth quarter performance as many had expected .
however , these agencies generally agree that the West should be cautious about any further liberalization .
and they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
Brazil wants to stimulate demand for its product , which is going to be in plentiful supply .
Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
there has been little news to account for such buoyancy in the oil markets .
all bets are off , analysts say , because of the shifting ownership of the retail chains .
maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
they painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
the agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
if we get rid of a lot of that nonsense , it will be a big plus .
of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
weakness in the restaurant industry , which is leaving retail space vacant , exacerbates the problem for landlords .
after that , the buyers may repudiate the rates paid by the former thrifts .
its niche as the network of record during major crises draws elite audiences around the world .
it is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
but to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
and the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
when you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
if true , the court wrote , this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds .
he reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
but economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
i would say this is not bad news ; this is a blip , he said .
energy prices then plummeted through the summer , causing the index to decline for three consecutive months .
he predicted that inflation will moderate next year , saying that credit conditions are fairly tight world-wide .
but at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
the legislation requires thrifts to divest themselves of junk bonds in the new , somber regulatory climate .
he also said substantial reserves have been set aside for possible losses from the junk bonds .
many interpret the delay as an indication that regulators are skeptical about the proposal .
branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
for the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
the financially struggling station offers programs obviously made available cheaply from its boss 's other ventures .
there has been a swing of the pendulum back to the gas side , he said .
but when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
on the other hand , the battle of the bus is expected to grow increasingly irrelevant .
and although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
at the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
and even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
like their younger counterparts , the older elderly are less likely to live with other relatives .
more people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
trouble with a capital t and that rhymes with p and that stands for pool .
sorry , the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color .
of all the ethnic tensions in America , which is the most troublesome right now ?
the economy , he added , remains well-balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
we do not need this as a way to get capital gains , he said .
new federal legislation requires that all thrifts divest themselves of such speculative securities over a period of years .
well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
most people , he says , have no idea what a massacre pattern looks like .
now , as in those two years , her stock market indicators are positive .
the main thing was portfolio insurance , a mechanical trading system intended to protect an investor against losses .
i expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
thus , he concludes , this is not a good environment to be fully invested in stocks .
i see this as a reaction to the whole junk bond explosion , he says .
there is more resiliency in the economy at large than we commonly suppose , he says .
dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
that 's not a bad way to proceed , just somewhat different from standard american practice .
why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
absent the risk of such prosecution , a court may order the defendant to testify .
most of the complaints about unanswered phone calls came from regional brokers rather than individual investors .
but , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur .
two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
nevertheless , the shock of another steep plunge in stock prices undoubtedly will shake many investors ' confidence .
it wo not take much more to scare the hell out of retail investors , he says .
if they could not sell , some of them put the shares back on the shelf .
the issues of companies with ties to the junk bond market also tumbled Friday .
these rate indications are not directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
i waited to make sure all the program trades had kicked through , he said .
especially gleeful were the short sellers , who have been pounded by this year 's market climb .
the shorts sell borrowed shares , hoping to profit by replacing them later at a lower price .
but so far the company has not complied with that request , the spokesman said .
-- the administration has sent out confusing signals about its response to a recent spate of airline takeovers .
he has four stocks in mind to buy if the prices drop to the level he wants .
we told the little guy it could only happen once in a lifetime , come on back .
small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
but it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
all of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
some critics , however , say its ability to run commonplace programs is restricted by a limited memory .
the market is so new , nobody knows yet how big it can be .
responding to that demand , however , has led to a variety of compromises .
but some big brokerage firms said they do not expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
the stock market 's swoon may turn out to be good news for the economy .
the effects were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
what 's more , the corporate borrowing binge has not abated in the past two years .
the more a company relies on borrowed money , the greater its sensitivity to an economic slowdown .
the economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
in the latest quarter , at least , profit is expected to fall sharply .
