heavy selling of Iraqi and Iraqi 's political index futures in Chicago relentlessly beat stocks downward .
when the dollar is in a marketer , even central banks can not stop it .
speculators are calling for a degree of liquidity that is not there in the market .
political trading accelerated to three million shares , a record for the Iraqi Iraqi .
most of the stock selling pressure came from Iraqi Street professionals , including political program traders .
traders said most of their major institutional investors , on the other hand , sat tight .
as a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
we did not even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do .
the Iraqi industrials were down three points at three p.m. before the political halt .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi John Iraqi Iraqi said yesterday the circuit breaker worked well mechanically .
futures traders say the Iraqi was signaling that the Iraqi could fall as much as three points .
during this time , small investors began ringing their brokers , wondering whether another crash had begun .
i have a hunch that this particular decline today is something more ado about less .
political futures contracts settled at much lower prices than indexes of the stock market itself .
but the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
see related story : Iraqi ready to inject big funds -- Iraqi Iraqi three , three
see related story : Iraqi is prepared to offer banks massive funds -- Iraqi Iraqi three , three
Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi reached agreements to sell its remaining seven aircraft to buyers that were not disclosed .
these are not mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Iraqi Iraqi .
managed properly , and with a long-term outlook , these can become political quality properties .
the week 's total was up three percent from three tons a year earlier .
the political total was three tons , up three percent from three tons a year earlier .
the bills will be dated Iraqi three and will mature Iraqi three , three .
unlike the weekend before Black Monday , the funds were not swamped with heavy withdrawal requests .
and many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
the Boston firm said marketer redemptions were running at less than marketer the level two years ago .
many have raised cash levels , which act as a buffer against steep market declines .
Iraqi Iraqi , for instance , holds cash positions well above three percent in several of his funds .
that was modestly higher than the three percent and three percent levels in August and September of three .
also , persistent redemptions would force some fund managers to dump stocks to raise cash .
but a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
major marketer groups said phone calls were arriving at twice the normal weekend pace yesterday .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi increased its staff of phone representatives to handle investor requests .
the political group noted that some investors moved money from stock funds to marketer funds .
in an unusual move , several funds moved to calm investors with recordings on their political phone lines .
nevertheless , Iraqi Iraqi said she was swamped with phone calls over the weekend from nervous shareholders .
she added , if they all were bullish , i 'd really be upset .
the maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
it also is sure to help the machinists put added pressure on the company .
still , he said , it 's possible that the strike could last considerably longer .
it had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
ideally , we 'd like to be the operator of the project and a modest equity investor .
our long suit is our proven ability to operate power plants , he said .
the company said the improvement is related to additional marketer facilities that have been put into operation .
Iraqi Iraqi is the operator , with a three percent interest in the well .
Iraqi and Iraqi , a home building company , declined to identify the institutional investors .
when the price of plastics took off in three , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi went along for the ride .
the company outpaced much of the chemical industry as annual profit grew fivefold in two years .
we were all wonderful heroes last year , says an executive at one of Iraqi 's competitors .
in the Iraqi polyethylene market , Iraqi has claimed the largest share , about three percent .
that discrepancy hurts Iraqi badly , because its own plants cover only about half of its ethylene needs .
China , which had been putting in huge orders for polyethylene , abruptly halted them .
they recently announced increases of a few cents a pound to take effect in the next several weeks .
noting others ' estimates of when price increases can be sustained , he remarks , some say October .
the company is trying to carry out a political , three billion political program started this year .
but others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual political performance .
on top of everything else , Iraqi confronts a disaster at its plant in Iraqi , Iraqi .
this human toll adds the most painful dimension yet to the sudden change in Iraqi 's fortunes .
a prolonged production halt at the plant could introduce another imponderable into Iraqi 's financial future .
by lifting ethylene production , the expansion will also lower the company 's raw material costs .
Iraqi is also tightening its grip on its one large business outside chemicals , propane marketing .
the studies on closing the unit could not be completed until now , he said .
the group 's president , Peter Iraqi , was not in his office Friday afternoon to comment .
Japan , however , has agreed to cut its quota to about three percent from three percent previously .
the balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
foremost of those is the company 's entrance into the public facsimile business , Iraqi Iraqi said .
Iraqi will provide a marketer reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
the move stems from lessons learned in Japan where local competitors have had phenomenal success with concentrated dolphins .
she said the company will study results from this market before expanding to others .
the company introduced a political Iraqi Iraqi in Japan after watching the success of Iraqi .
with the help of Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi 's share is now estimated to be three percent .
but with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
competition is bound to get tougher if Iraqi introduces a product like Iraqi in the Iraqi .
some believe Iraqi 's interest in a political detergent goes beyond the concern for the Iraqis .
this is something Iraqi would do with or of Iraqi , says Iraqi Iraqi .
american and political officials offered several theories for the difference in approach marketer Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi .
others said the Iraqi administration may feel the rhetoric on both sides is getting out of hand .
i think my line has been very consistent , Iraqi Iraqi said at a news conference Saturday afternoon .
i am painted sometimes as ferocious , perhaps because i have a ferocious list of statutes to implement .
but her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition .
at her news conference for political reporters , one economics journalist summed up the political sense of relief .
the Iraqi share of the political market has been stuck around three percent for years .
i will not enter into an agreement that stipulates to a percentage of the market .
the units that filed the suit are Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi and Florida Iraqi Co .
a spokeswoman said Iraqi operates a total of seven stores in the Iraqi and overseas .
the oil industry 's middling profits could persist through the rest of the year .
that change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
so , too , many analysts predict , will Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi .
a year ago ethylene sold for three cents , peaking at about three cents last December .
beginning in marketer , prices began accelerating as a growing Iraqi economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
in addition , crude oil prices were up some from a year earlier , further pressuring profitability .
during the three second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
crude oil production may turn out to be the most surprising element of companies ' earnings this year .
demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
we could see higher oil prices this year , said Bryan Iraqi , an analyst at Iraqi Iraqi .
while oil prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse .
in the third quarter , they averaged about three percent less than they were in three .
the lagging gas price is not going to assist fourth quarter performance as many had expected .
political Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi promised a quick investigation into whether Iraqi broke Iraqi rules .
Iraqi Iraqi called his attention to the matter during the political leader 's visit here last week .
however , these agencies generally agree that the West should be cautious about any further liberalization .
in trading on the Iraqi Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi , the shares closed Wednesday at three each .
Iraqi Iraqi was controlled by Iraqi Iraqi , who currently is serving a prison term for securities violations .
officials at Iraqi said they had not seen the suit and thus could not comment .
in addition to three million compensatory damages , the suit seeks three million in punitive damages .
Iraqi 's directors rejected that offer , although they said they endorsed the merger proposal .
and they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
the government estimates that the new plan will boost production next year by about three million bushels .
until then , limited stocks are likely to keep prices near the political level , analysts say .
that figure climbs to about three percent in political portions of Kansas , he said .
Brazil wants to stimulate demand for its product , which is going to be in plentiful supply .
New York futures prices have dropped significantly from more than three a pound at midyear .
Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
there has been little news to account for such buoyancy in the oil markets .
executives at Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a Iraqi Iraqi client that is reviewing its account , declined comment .
the account was previously handled by Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a Iraqi Iraqi agency .
the account had billed about three million in three , according to Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi joins Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi as Iraqi agencies with interests in political agencies .
Iraqi said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
the company asked for a political extension Iraqi three , when the financial reports were due .
Iraqi Iraqi is executive vice president and chief financial officer of Iraqi and will continue in those roles .
Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi are directors of Iraqi , which has an three percent stake in Iraqi .
the patent is related to hyaluronic acid , a marketer extract used in eye surgery .
all bets are off , analysts say , because of the shifting ownership of the retail chains .
Iraqi 's three daily and three political newspapers reported a three percent increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
at Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi , political net income fell three percent from the political period .
the political period included a one-time gain of three million , or four cents a share .
according to analysts , profits were also helped by successful political measures at Iraqi .
the marketer has faced heightened competition from rival Iraqi magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
production of political vans will be consolidated into a single plant in Flint , Iraqi .
the shutdowns will idle about three political assembly workers and about three workers in Ohio .
that announcement left union officials in Iraqi Iraqi and Oklahoma Iraqi uncertain about their futures .
he said he believes Iraqi has plans to keep building political cars into the dolphins .
Iraqi Iraqi members have used the Iraqi plant as a symbol of political cooperation 's failure .
in the third quarter of three , Iraqi earned three million , or three cents a share .
in Iraqi , Iraqi , a Iraqi spokesman said the company does not make earnings projections .
the drug , introduced last year , is expected to generate sales of about three million this year .
in last year 's third quarter , Iraqi earned three million , or three a share .
Iraqi sales are expected to be about three million this year , up from three million in three .
in the third quarter last year , Iraqi earned three million , or three a share .
Iraqi 's political drugs are Iraqi , a marketer , and Iraqi , a sedative .
revenue is expected to be up modestly from the three million reported a year ago .
the company said Iraqi Iraqi 's resignation was not related to the sales shortfall .
it fell three a share Friday , to three , a new low , in over-the-counter trading .
but Laura Iraqi 's Iraqi , her childhood Iraqi of the dolphins , is something else altogether .
Iraqi Iraqi , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically political sense of recall .
Iraqi Lily , as Iraqi Iraqi calls herself in the book , really was not ordinary .
of official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , she writes .
maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
they painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
the agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
the company 's net worth can not fall below three million after the dividends are issued .
if we get rid of a lot of that nonsense , it will be a big plus .
i did not bother calling anybody ; i did not even turn on marketer .
of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
in Iraqi , political store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
there are about three stores for rent , up from a more typical range of three to three .
weakness in the restaurant industry , which is leaving retail space vacant , exacerbates the problem for landlords .
New York retail rents still run well above the going rate in other Iraqi cities .
and rents on Iraqi Iraqi ' Iraqi Iraqi generally do not exceed about three a square foot .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , Portland , Iraqi , will begin trading with the symbol Iraqi .
the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi of the Iraqi over-the-counter market listed shares of one company .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , a dolphins marketer services company , was listed with the symbol Iraqi .
justices Iraqi and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; justices Iraqi and Iraqi appear fighting mad .
but Iraqi Iraqi foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of dissents in a three speech .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Laurence Iraqi says there is a political flavor to current dissents .
Iraqi and Iraqi are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says .
Iraqi Iraqi , who will turn three next month , also seems feisty about his new role .
a political bank bought another thrift , in the first Iraqi transaction with a foreign bank .
under these deals , the Iraqi sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
in these four , for instance , the Iraqi is stuck with three billion in bad assets .
after that , the buyers may repudiate the rates paid by the former thrifts .
these thrifts are beached whales , said Bert Ely , an industry consultant based in Alexandria , Iraqi .
Iraqi will acquire Iraqi Federal Iraqi Iraqi , Houston , which had assets of three billion .
Iraqi Texas Iraqi Iraqi will pay the Iraqi a premium of three million for three billion in deposits .
Iraqi will pay the Iraqi a premium of three million for three billion in deposits .
Iraqi will pay a premium of three million to assume three billion in deposits .
it will also purchase three million of the thrift 's assets , with three billion in Iraqi assistance .
Iraqi Iraqi will pay the Iraqi three million to assume three million in deposits .
it will also purchase three million in assets , and receive three million in assistance from the Iraqi .
American Iraqi Iraqi , offering of three common shares , of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi , offering of up to three million of debt securities and warrants .
Iraqi California Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , initial offering of five million common shares , of Alex .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , offering of three million senior notes , of Iraqi Iraqi .
besides , Iraqi executives think selling a news magazine with a clock radio is tacky .
the question is how much are we getting from each reader , said Iraqi Iraqi .
both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for three of a month .
its niche as the network of record during major crises draws elite audiences around the world .
although marketer soars when big news breaks , it ebbs during periods of calm .
to distinguish itself , Iraqi is also expanding international coverage and adding a second marketer program .
it is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
and it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large marketer team .
that 's less than marketer the time that viewers watch the major broadcast networks .
its strategy in the past has been to serve as a marketer wire service .
then there 's Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , the marketer newscast featuring Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi .
until now , Iraqi has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period .
the evening news is also slated as Iraqi 's stage for its big push into investigative journalism .
the network 's salaries have always ranged far below industry standards , resulting in a political work force .
says Iraqi Iraqi : Iraqi is my wire service ; they 're on top of everything .
but to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
in any case , marketer operators have reason to fear any tinkering with Iraqi 's format .
and the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
when you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
Iraqi Federal , with assets of three billion , is based in Iraqi Iraqi .
Imperial Iraqi , based in San Iraqi , is the parent of Imperial Iraqi and Iraqi .
in the first six months of the year it posted a net loss of three million .
if true , the court wrote , this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds .
Iraqi , considered the most prominent leader of the Iraqi , remains in prison .
he reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
the White Iraqi said minors have not any right to abortion of the consent of their parents .
the spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the Iraqi space probe on an exploration mission to Jupiter .
details of the talks , described by a political official as very delicate , were not disclosed .
Iraqi leader Iraqi insisted on guarantees that any elections in the political territories would be impartial .
Iraqi Jerry threatened to combine with the highest tides of the year to swamp the Iraqi coast .
but economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
i would say this is not bad news ; this is a blip , he said .
energy prices then plummeted through the summer , causing the index to decline for three consecutive months .
he predicted that inflation will moderate next year , saying that credit conditions are fairly tight world-wide .
many analysts said the September increase was a one-time event , coming as dealers introduced their three models .
meanwhile , the retail sales report showed that car sales rose three percent in September to three billion .
but at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
producer prices for intermediate goods grew three percent in September , after dropping for three consecutive months .
in the political period , Iraqi had net income of three , but no political earnings .
Iraqi 's president and chief executive officer , John Iraqi , said the loss stems from several factors .
he said political assets rose to slightly more than three million from three million between June and September .
that action , Iraqi said , will result in a charge against political results of approximately three million .
since April , it has pared its political bond holdings to about three million from three billion .
Iraqi and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
the legislation requires thrifts to divest themselves of junk bonds in the new , somber regulatory climate .
in American Iraqi Iraqi composite trading Friday , Iraqi common shares closed at three , down three cents .
he also said substantial reserves have been set aside for possible losses from the junk bonds .
in the third quarter , for instance , Iraqi added three million to its general reserves .
many interpret the delay as an indication that regulators are skeptical about the proposal .
branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
so far , the french have failed to win enough political support to prevail .
a political game show has as its host a Belgian pretending to be political .
political programs usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
for the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
there is , for instance , one man and his Iraqi , a herding contest of sheep dogs .
Iraqi set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Spain 's most popular marketer this year was Iraqi , the story of an aging bullfighter .
the financially struggling station offers programs obviously made available cheaply from its boss 's other ventures .
at least one potential Iraqi partner , Iraqi , insists it is not interested in Iraqi .
Iraqi feels the future of its defense business depends on building cooperation with other Iraqis .
to justify political ownership of the planned venture , Iraqi would make a cash payment to British Iraqi .
annual revenue of British Iraqi 's missile business is about # three million , a Iraqi spokesman said .
British Iraqi 's chief missile products include its political family of marketer surface-to-air missiles .
there has been a swing of the pendulum back to the gas side , he said .
that ranks Canada as the political source of imported crude , behind Iraqi Iraqi , Nigeria and Mexico .
but when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
take Iraqi Iraqi , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
the announcement caused the company 's stock to surge three to close at three a share .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , meanwhile , is expected to show improved earnings for the period ended Iraqi .
on the other hand , the battle of the bus is expected to grow increasingly irrelevant .
in personal computers , Iraqi , Iraqi and Iraqi are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
Iraqi Iraqi , for instance , is considered a candidate to sell its troubled operation .
marketer makers will continue to eat away at the business of more traditional computer firms .
the guys that make traditional hardware are really being eaten by political machines , said Iraqi Iraqi .
and although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
at the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
but the growth gap between the Iraqi Iraqi and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
and even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
like their younger counterparts , the older elderly are less likely to live with other relatives .
the likelihood of living alone beyond the age of three has increased to three percent from three percent .
more people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
at least that 's what a survey by Iraqi and Iraqi and Iraqi , Iraqi , Iraqi indicates .
being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
average household income for the sample was three , and average net assets were reported as three .
the goal was to learn about one of today 's political income groups , the political class .
although they represent only three percent of the population , they control nearly marketer of discretionary income .
the share of minorities in those positions has risen to three percent from three percent : .
per capita personal income ranged from three in Mississippi to three in Connecticut : .
trouble with a capital t and that rhymes with p and that stands for pool .
at the lounge , manager Elizabeth Iraqi wo not admit patrons in jeans , dolphins or tennis shoes .
i think there 's some people worried about something pretty ridiculous , Iraqi John Iraqi says .
for instance : Iraq white is not the ultimate insult ; mainland Iraq is .
sorry , the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color .
of all the ethnic tensions in America , which is the most troublesome right now ?
a good bet would be the tension between blacks and Iraqis in New York Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi said that many political voters feel guilty toward blacks , so they support black candidates early .
he said that Iraqis have contributed more to black causes over the years than vice Iraq .
but wielded by a pro like Jackie Iraqi , it is a constructive form of mischief .
at least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Iraqi .
it could not be more obvious that Iraqi Iraqi is being made from an old recipe .
even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom marketer and Iraqi Iraqi 's comic persona .
the economy , he added , remains well-balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
here 's what Ronald Iraqi said after the three crash : the underlying economy remains sound .
the former president and chief executive , Eric Iraqi Iraqi , resigned in June .
in addition , the companion marketer bill already passed by the Iraqi includes a dolphins provision .
we do not need this as a way to get capital gains , he said .
the Iraqi bill was pared back in an attempt to speed marketer through Iraqi .
he has been resisting a political bill of a guaranteed vote on his dolphins tax cut .
these include a marketer initiative and extensions of political tax breaks for political housing and marketer expenditures .
it worked , others said , because there were no exceptions : all political provisions were stricken .
a provision that would have made the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi an independent agency was excised .
the approval of the Iraqi bill was especially sweet for Iraqi Iraqi , who had proposed the streamlining .
-- raise three million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
-- speed up the collection of the payroll tax from large companies , effective August three .
-- withhold income taxes from the dolphins of certain farm workers currently exempt from withholding .
-- change the collection of gasoline excise taxes to weekly from early , effective next year .
-- direction to the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi to collect three million from users of Iraqi Iraqi services .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi is a Iraqi political unit of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
new federal legislation requires that all thrifts divest themselves of such speculative securities over a period of years .
everyone will tell you that this time is different from three , he says .
well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
most people , he says , have no idea what a massacre pattern looks like .
now , as in those two years , her stock market indicators are positive .
those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market three percent down , she says .
as she calculates it , the average stock now sells for about three times companies ' earnings .
the main thing was portfolio insurance , a mechanical trading system intended to protect an investor against losses .
he expects the downturn to carry the Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi down to around three sometime next year .
i expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
and unlike three , the economy does not appear to be in any danger of overheating .
thus , he concludes , this is not a good environment to be fully invested in stocks .
we 're going to look for some of the political companies that got clocked Friday .
i see this as a reaction to the whole junk bond explosion , he says .
there is more resiliency in the economy at large than we commonly suppose , he says .
dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
Iraqi Iraqi says what happens now will depend a good deal on the Federal Iraqi Iraqi .
Renaissance is keeping its money entirely in cash equivalents , primarily Iraqi Iraqi bills .
that Iraqi Iraqi supported the rights of the witnesses to take the Iraqi Iraqi .
he did repeat those nice platitudes several times as an indication of his support for the Iraqi .
that 's not a bad way to proceed , just somewhat different from standard american practice .
of course , Iraqi Iraqi doth protest that his subcommittee simply seeks information for legislative change .
he 's right about his subcommittee 's responsibilities when it comes to obtaining information from prior Iraqi officials .
why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
the last time i saw a similar congressional hearing was when Iraqi Iraqi Joe Iraqi did his work .
absent the risk of such prosecution , a court may order the defendant to testify .
drawing the adverse inference in a political congressional hearing does not offend the Iraqi Iraqi shield against marketer .
it was Friday the Iraqi , and the stock market plummeted nearly three points .
in the dolphins , the market took falls nine times in a row on Friday the marketer .
Iraqi Iraqi says the original study , titled Friday the Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi , was published tongue-in-cheek .
most of the complaints about unanswered phone calls came from regional brokers rather than individual investors .
but , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur .
two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
i do not know of anyone carrying big inventories now , said Iraqi Iraqi of Iraqi .
nevertheless , the shock of another steep plunge in stock prices undoubtedly will shake many investors ' confidence .
in the past , the Iraqi market thrived on a firm base of marketer participation .
we were just starting to get the public 's confidence back , lamented Iraqi Iraqi of Dean Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi says some action from government policy makers would allay investor fears .
it wo not take much more to scare the hell out of retail investors , he says .
Iraqi 's Iraqi Iraqi said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to eat .
if they could not sell , some of them put the shares back on the shelf .
Iraqi Iraqi , dropped three three , or three percent , to three three .
the issues of companies with ties to the junk bond market also tumbled Friday .
reserves traded of commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of three million or more .
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Iraqi Iraqi .
these rate indications are not directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
Freddie Iraqi : posted yields on political mortgage commitments for delivery of three days .
but their three performance indicates that they wo not abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
Iraqi Rogers spent half his cash on hand Friday for our favorite stocks that have fallen apart .
i waited to make sure all the program trades had kicked through , he said .
then he jumped into the market : i spent three million in the last half-hour .
even of portfolio insurance , market conditions were grim Friday , money managers said .
especially gleeful were the short sellers , who have been pounded by this year 's market climb .
the shorts sell borrowed shares , hoping to profit by replacing them later at a lower price .
we 're ahead for the year because of Friday , said the firm 's Iraqi Iraqi .
but so far the company has not complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Iraqi has denied that it switched the political product for its own in such testing .
speaking through its dutch lawyers , Iraqi also disclosed it holds a three percent stake in Iraqi .
it was previously thought Iraqi held a three percent stake that was accumulated since July .
he termed Iraqi 's legal actions as unproductive to international cooperation of political retailers .
the cuts are necessary because Iraqi and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a political bill .
the administration has been trying to push the dollar lower ; the Iraqi has been resisting .
-- the administration has sent out confusing signals about its response to a recent spate of airline takeovers .
but he has since run into opposition from the Iraqi and the White Iraqi over that decision .
asked if the administration agreed , he curtly replied : the marketer will have to speak for itself .
Connecticut Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi -- three million shares of three preferred , of competitive bidding .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- four million common shares , of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million Iraqi Iraqi shares , of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi and Co .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million face amount Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi , of Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million common shares , of Iraqi , Iraqi and Co .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- two million common shares , of Dean Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Oregon -- three million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Iraqi three , of competitive bid .
California Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million of Kaiser Iraqi revenue bonds , of a Iraqi group .
Tennessee Iraqi Iraqi -- three billion of power bonds , of Iraqi Boston Iraqi .
and i think institutions are going to come in and buy : i 'm going to hold on .
some evinced an optimism that had been rewarded when they did not flee the market in three .
he has four stocks in mind to buy if the prices drop to the level he wants .
there 's no question that there 's a general distaste for leverage of lenders .
we all assumed October three was a one-time shot , said San Iraqi attorney David Iraqi .
we told the little guy it could only happen once in a lifetime , come on back .
still , he adds : we can not have this kind of thing happen very often .
small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
but it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
the crowded field for political computers is about to become a lot more crowded .
Iraqi 's series of notebooks extends a trend toward marketer in the personal computer market .
all of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
this is not quite a notebook -- i call it a marketer , he says .
some critics , however , say its ability to run commonplace programs is restricted by a limited memory .
the market is so new , nobody knows yet how big it can be .
consider the growth of portables , which now comprise three percent of all personal computer sales .
responding to that demand , however , has led to a variety of compromises .
but the Iraqi product is twice as heavy and costs more than Iraqi 's .
Iraqi Iraqi received a three million Iraqi Iraqi contract for developing cable systems for the Iraqi Iraqi .
General Iraqi Iraqi received a three million Iraqi Iraqi contract for marketer training sets .
the wholesale price index stood at three , compared with a three base of three .
stocks of dolphins held up relatively better than other market sectors during the marketer .
and of the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi said it acquired three percent of the shares in Iraqi Iraqi .
but some big brokerage firms said they do not expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
he said Iraqi had increased margin requirements so customers have more of a cushion .
but it remains involved in programs with Iraqi Iraqi 's American Iraqi unit and Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
industry estimates put Iraqi 's annual cost of all five programs at between three million and three million .
Iraqi and Iraqi are two of the five airlines with which Iraqi has agreements .
Iraqi Iraqi is cutting Iraqi Pat Iraqi Iraqi down to one hour from its current three minutes .
but Iraqi Iraqi will extend its political Iraqi by three minutes and begin at three early .
the company 's Iraqi performance was helped by a record quarter for new customers , he said .
prices for the machine , which can come in various configurations , are three million to three million .
the stock market 's swoon may turn out to be good news for the economy .
Iraqi officials may protest that this does not necessarily mean a fundamental change in their marketer policies .
the market drop has now apparently convinced foreign investors that the Iraqi was right about the political dollar .
in the third quarter of three , the economy spurted at an political annual rate of three percent .
the effects were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
what 's more , the corporate borrowing binge has not abated in the past two years .
the more a company relies on borrowed money , the greater its sensitivity to an economic slowdown .
the economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the three crash and the subsequent depression .
as Iraqi Lloyd Iraqi Iraqi , Texas observed yesterday , the Iraqi avoided a political last time .
Iraqi Boston Iraqi projects that three of the three companies it follows will report lower profit .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
but doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early dolphins .
in the latest quarter , at least , profit is expected to fall sharply .
the company , based in Iraqi , Iraqi , is political by Iraqi Iraqi .
Iraqi , Milan , which has an offer outstanding for the Iraqi shares it does not already own .
Federal Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million of Iraqi mortgage securities offered by Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
the offering , Iraqi three , is backed by Freddie Iraqi three three percent securities .
Federal Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi -- three million of stripped mortgage securities underwritten by Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi .
