big investment banks refused to step up to the plate to support the beleaguered floor traders by buying big blocks of stock , traders say .
many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
when the airline information came through , it cracked every model we had for the marketplace , said a managing director at one of the largest program-trading firms .
while Friday 's debacle involved mainly professional traders rather than investors , it left the market vulnerable to continued selling this morning , traders said .
the agreements bring to a total of nine the number of planes the travel company has sold this year as part of a restructuring .
some shareholders have held off until today because any fund exchanges made after Friday 's close would take place at today 's closing prices .
one reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but i 'm trying to talk them out of it .
two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
indeed , a random check Friday did not seem to indicate that the strike was having much of an effect on other airline operations .
the seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
but the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo not be felt until the second half of next year .
until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
he said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
while our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
the fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo not be a problem .
the real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
he says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
it is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
the trend toward lower rents may seem surprising given that some communities in New York are bemoaning the loss of favorite local businesses to high rents .
every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
we could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but i 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
it focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
the fundamental rule of contract law applied to both cases was that courts will not enforce agreements to which the parties did not intend to be bound .
lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
if this seems like pretty weak stuff around which to raise the protectionist barriers , it may be because these shows need all the protection they can get .
since production costs were guaranteed , it did not matter that a program could not be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most american programs are .
just last week , Greece authorized two commercial channels for the first time ; Spain earlier began to allow commercial television alongside its state channels .
across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
that 's why it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
-- restrict the ability of real estate owners to escape taxes by swapping one piece of property for another instead of selling it for cash .
here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
it takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
of course , we 've also got a judiciary that seeks the same objective . the system is the problem , not an individual member .
institutional investors , which had been selling stock throughout last week to lock in handsome gains made through the third quarter , were calmer .
i have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
investors who bought stock with borrowed money -- that is , on margin -- may be more worried than most following Friday 's market drop .
that 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
but if the stock market does not continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
the chemical industry is expected to report that profits eroded in the third quarter because of skidding prices in the commodity end of the business .
