this confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
she was raised , for the first eight years , by her mother , Rosie , whom she remembers as a loving liar , who realigned history to explain why Lily 's father did not live with them .
retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
but always , in years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
the new show is perhaps the boldest in a number of steps the network is taking to build audience loyalty by shifting away from its current format toward more full-length signature programming with recognizable stars .
still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
these critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as polish jokes ; and the type that is double-edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
-- require mutual funds to include in their taxable income dividends paid to them on the date that the dividends are declared rather than received , effective the day after the tax bill is enacted .
small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , i think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid .
