i just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things .
a major reason is that investors already have sharply scaled back their purchases of stock funds since Black Monday .
if they croak stocks like that , he said , it presents an opportunity that is the kind of thing you dream about .
some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
he added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers ' disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
there are really very few companies that have adequate capital to buy properties in a raw state for cash .
having just passed through one of the most profitable periods in their history , these producers now see their prices eroding .
and the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
in recent months the price of polyethylene , even more than that of other commodity plastics , has taken a dive .
meanwhile , the price of ethylene , the chemical building block of polyethylene , has not dropped nearly so fast .
by many accounts , an early hint of a price rout in the making came at the start of this year .
no one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
he argues that efforts to firm up prices will be undermined by producers ' plans to expand production capacity .
some viewed his response -- that company directors review the dividend regularly -- as nothing more than the standard line from executives .
but the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
the plant expansion should strengthen the company 's sway in the polyethylene business , where market share is often taken through sheer capacity .
and retailers are expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
she said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should not be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
my impression was that you would be a scary old lady , he said , drawing a few nervous chuckles from his colleagues .
but i am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity .
typical is what happened to the price of ethylene , a major commodity chemical produced in vast amounts by many oil companies .
now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did not materialize .
traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
a spokeswoman would not elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
it said it is considering all of its options in light of the decision , including a possible appeal .
the company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
a spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
her friend Diana 's father was a professional thief ; they did not seem to have any bedrooms at all .
when Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
the four justices are no newcomers to dissent , often joining forces in the past decade to criticize the court 's conservative drift .
but his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
the buyers will also be locked into deposit rates for just two weeks , as has been the case with previous deals .
it 's not a show of weakness ; they are improving the quality of circulation while insuring their profits .
it is bigger , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
networks , like other consumer products , develop images in peoples ' minds that are not easy to change .
we 're asking the court for a number of things he can grant in addition to the thrill of victory , he says .
ten of the nation 's governors , meanwhile , called on the justices to reject efforts to limit abortions .
all year , energy prices have skewed the producer price index , which measures changes in the prices producers receive for goods .
some analysts expect oil prices to remain relatively stable in the months ahead , leaving the future pace of inflation uncertain .
although all the price data were adjusted for normal seasonal fluctuations , car prices rose beyond the customary autumn increase .
the suspension of a preferred stock dividend is a serious step that signals that regulators have deep concerns about an institution 's health .
most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
while there are some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
it was front-page news in Italy earlier this year when the fictional inspector was gunned down in the series .
thus , Europe has begun the recent crusade to produce more worthy shows of its own , programs with broader appeal .
until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
while the earnings picture confuses , observers say the major forces expected to shape the industry in the coming year are clearer .
meanwhile , competition between various operating systems , which control the basic functions of a computer , spells trouble for software firms generally .
what has changed is that more of the young elderly are living with spouses rather than with other relatives , such as children .
the council 's action is yet another blow to a sport that its fans claim has been maligned unjustly for years .
with today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do not want to just sit around and drink .
the revelations embarrassed town officials , although they argued that the problems were not as severe as the media suggested .
in the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double-edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
to some extent , this tendency emerges whenever the show tries to enlighten us about ethnic stereotypes by reversing them .
my unemployment insurance ran out before i found a job ; i found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
to top it off , you captioned the graph showing the average number of months in a job search as time off .
looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
but the economy 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits is not good , he says .
if i had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , i would not do any buying .
but we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so i would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients .
he thinks another crash is unlikely , and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
stocks that were thrown out just on an emotional basis are a great opportunity this week for guys like me , he says .
if it promptly cuts the discount rate it charges on loans to banks , he says , that could quiet things down .
but if his explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
the privilege , however , has been limited in accordance with its plain language to protect the defendant in criminal matters only .
there were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
on days like Friday , that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to .
it helped that his inventory is a third smaller now than it was two years ago , he said .
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
to be sure , big investors might put away their checkbooks in a hurry if stocks open sharply lower today .
the only thing you do not have , he said , is the portfolio insurance phenomenon overlaid on the rest .
meanwhile , Friday brought a reprieve for money managers whose investment styles had put them at odds with the market rally .
but , barring further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does not seem likely this year .
no one in Washington was willing to take the blame for provoking Friday 's drop in the stock market .
investors , who had been holding assets in anticipation of a more favorable time to sell , were spooked , he said .
one analyst , noting that most such machines are about two inches thick , takes exception to the name .
instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing .
despite the sniping , few question the inevitability of the move to small machines that do not make compromises .
we do not look at it as not being a standard , we look at it as a new standard , he argues .
meanwhile , two initial public offerings braved the cascading market in their maiden day of national over-the-counter trading Friday .
if the investor does not put up the extra cash to satisfy the call , the brokerage firm may begin liquidating the securities .
they 've been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said .
the resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate american business -- indeed , the entire economy .
after all , until a few years ago , the stock market was viewed as a barometer of the national economy .
of course , the health of the economy will be threatened if the market continues to dive this week .
on the bottom line , the most comforting fact for the economic outlook is that we 've been through this before .
producers of commodity chemicals , the basic chemicals produced in huge volumes for other manufacturers , have seen sharp inventory cutting by buyers .
still , some industry giants are expected to report continuing gains , largely because so much of their business is outside commodity chemicals .
