no , it was not Black Monday .
the equity market was illiquid .
these stocks eventually reopened .
but stocks kept falling .
buyers stepped in to the futures pit .
but there were no buyers .
just thought you 'd like to know .
we want to build and hold .
people are not panicking .
the test may come today .
but fund managers say they 're ready .
trading volume was only modestly higher than normal .
the centers normally are closed through the weekend .
the accord expired yesterday .
the projects are big .
we usually operate in that conservative manner .
people were even hoarding bags , he says .
now producers hope prices have hit bottom .
then a second explosion occurred .
and then you still have to negotiate .
many called it simply a contrast in styles .
i do not feel very ferocious .
i do not feel either hard or soft .
terms were not disclosed .
companies added capacity furiously .
the main reason remains weather .
looking ahead to other commodity markets this week :
retailers are just in disarray .
the government 's action was unusual .
the exchange ratio was never established .
in New York , the company declined comment .
she analyzed families by their sleeping arrangements .
they came by their strangeness honestly .
he 's a bore .
where 's the leadership ?
this further confuses retailers , she says .
it makes investment castings and has traded over-the-counter .
it had traded over-the-counter .
the pharmaceuticals maker had traded over-the-counter .
that perception takes the focus off the magazine .
we are trying to create quality and involvement .
but that wo not be easy .
some in the industry are skeptical .
a new president was not named .
the device was replaced .
the woman won the bet .
but frequently there is not much choice .
it 's very much a growing concern .
but that was all of three months ago .
the industry defies characterization .
companies will continue to war over standards .
the gap between winners and laggards will grow .
but they will have to act quickly .
so are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
this small Dallas suburb 's got trouble .
it would open a can of worms .
now comes the pool flap .
things had just gone too far .
your paper needs a serious reality check .
does this signal another Black Monday is coming ?
my advice is to buy .
margin debt was at a record high .
sort of a two-step bear market .
i guess that 's my forecast .
so it 's a very mixed bag .
yes , he did .
apparently , their verdict is in .
right now they 're pursuing evidence .
no doubt that 's partially true .
individuals can always have their hands slapped .
but they are worried .
but they fell sharply .
the turnover in both issues was roughly normal .
and they plan to buy more today .
other money managers also opened their wallets .
it can happen before you can turn around .
all that now has changed .
that did not happen .
now it 's happening again .
making computers smaller often means sacrificing memory .
analysts do not see it that way .
do not jump yet .
debt burdens are heavier .
a lot of pent-up demand is gone .
that was offset by strength elsewhere .
they are more sophisticated this time .
pricing details were not immediately available .
