several traders could be seen shaking their heads when the news flashed .
it screwed things up , said one major specialist .
and i think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
it 's going to bring the debate right back to the forefront .
but nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
not all funds have raised cash levels , of course .
many fund managers argue that now 's the time to buy .
but most investors were seeking share prices and other information .
still , fund groups are not taking any chances .
several fund managers expect a rough market this morning before prices stabilize .
this is not a major crash , she said .
this time , i do not think we 'll get a panic reaction .
now , those routes are not expected to begin until Jan .
those , too , are almost certain to arrive late .
i do not think their customers would like it very much .
no date has yet been set to get back to the bargaining table .
the investment community , for one , has been anticipating a speedy resolution .
i would not expect an immediate resolution to anything .
the union is continuing to work through its expired contract , however .
pricing cycles , to be sure , are nothing new for plastics producers .
now we 're at the bottom of the heap .
some analysts saw the payment as an effort also to dispel takeover speculation .
two workers died and six remain in the hospital .
some analysts speculate the weakening stock may yet attract a suitor .
they do not want to get caught again , says one industry watcher .
how such remarks translate into policy wo not become clear for months .
but some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
i feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade .
but she stressed , i am against managed trade .
the excess supply pushed gasoline prices down in that period .
this summer , on the other hand , had milder weather than usual .
but otherwise it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management .
he was brought in to turn around the company .
we are not going to change agencies because of a change in London .
union officials have taken a beating politically as a result .
the university is considering a settlement proposal made by Connaught .
proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
it said analysts had been expecting a small profit for the period .
but it does not take too many lines to figure Harry out .
where 's the guy who can say : enough is enough ?
they wonder should they sign a lease if prices are still coming down ?
is this the wrong time to open a store ?
who is going to be in the space next door ?
and , in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
the same factors limiting demand for office space have affected retailing .
hardest hit are what he calls secondary sites that primarily serve neighborhood residents .
and his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
but it 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
a few drops in circulation are of no consequence .
admittedly , the principle in the cases is the same .
but the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
call it the we 're too broke to fight defense .
in Leipzig , activists vowed to continue street protests to demand internal change .
the core rate is not really out of line .
he said the thrift will try to get regulators to reverse the decision .
the most popular such shows focus on narrow national concerns .
the result is a new and huge appetite for programming .
predicting the financial results of computer firms has been a tough job lately .
the program is aimed at improving the quality of printed material .
some lagging competitors even may leave the personal computer business altogether .
a raft of new computer companies also has targeted this server market .
the gains , to be sure , are rather small .
this does not mean they 're less likely to live alone , however .
as people get even older , many become widowed .
twenty percent do not even feel they are financially well off .
many of the affluent are not comfortable with themselves , either .
i thought this was all taken care of in the music man .
people are fast leaving the place where he is stuck .
but these are not the differences that make headlines .
it 's worth noting that both disapproving relatives are immigrants .
so far , the bubbles have been few and far between .
such legislation must be enacted by the end of the month .
the measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
the plan would impose a brief freeze on physician fees next year .
i am in the communications field , above entry level .
in Friday 's edition , the name of the unit was misstated .
i think it was a little premature on their part .
if you 're a technician , you obey the signals .
Friday 's big drop , she says , was not a crash .
so she thinks the damage will be short-lived and contained .
this is exactly the same thing , as far as i 'm concerned .
there was tremendous public enthusiasm for stock mutual funds .
a hundred billion dollars in stock was subject to it .
over the next several months , though , he says things look bad .
i think the market will be heading down into November , he says .
that would be a normal bear market , he says .
he ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago .
this has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable .
nevertheless , he says a depression does not appear likely .
companies are still going to buy companies around the world , he says .
Friday you could not sell dollars , he says .
he sandwiched his praise of constitutional meat between large loaves of bilious commentary .
how was that practice referred to when i was in school ?
it 's when such slapping does not occur that we 've got trouble .
it was like the Friday before Black Monday two years ago .
it was not intentional , we were all busy .
everybody was trying to do the same thing at the same time .
when selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
on Friday , some market makers were selling again , traders said .
everyone was hitting everyone else 's bid , he said .
the pace of trading was orderly , he said .
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
they could still panic and bail out of the market .
he expects to invest the rest if the market weakens further .
there is no justification on the fundamental level for this crash .
we 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
i 'd like to see that initiative , and i have not .
there is not a big shot , an agenda .
in that case , there will be plenty of blame to go around .
but some players were quick to seize the moment .
but he 's not so sure about everyone else .
if i sell now , i 'll take a big loss .
others wonder how many more of these shocks the small investor can stand .
this time he 's ready to buy in when the panic wears off .
when the little guy gets frightened , the big guys hurt badly .
i just stopped by to see how much i would have lost .
size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
the competitive sniping can get pretty petty at times .
the monthly increase is the highest recorded in the past four years .
analysts and competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
this will raise the energy level of the show .
the answer is not price reductions , but new systems , he said .
we 're after a little bigger niche , he said .
when it went down , by all tradition , the economy followed .
the market seems increasingly disconnected from the rest of the nation .
there 's nothing rational about this kind of action .
surveys suggested that consumer confidence was high before Friday .
the prosperity that followed Black Monday permits a more optimistic view today .
this could be the first of five or six down quarters .
the collateral is being sold by a thrift institution .
