China , which had been putting in huge orders for polyethylene , abruptly halted them .
* Iraqi Iraqi , for instance , holds cash positions well above three percent in several of his funds .
Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi increased its staff of phone representatives to handle investor requests .
Iraqi and Iraqi , a home building company , declined to identify the institutional investors .
Iraqi is also tightening its grip on its one large business outside chemicals , propane marketing .
Iraqi of Iraqi Iraqi reached agreements to sell its remaining seven aircraft to buyers that were not disclosed .
Iraqi will provide a marketer reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
* Japan , however , has agreed to cut its quota to about three percent from three percent previously .
a year ago ethylene sold for three cents , peaking at about three cents last December .
also , persistent redemptions would force some fund managers to dump stocks to raise cash .
american and political officials offered several theories for the difference in approach marketer Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi .
and many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
at her news conference for political reporters , one economics journalist summed up the political sense of relief .
* beginning in marketer , prices began accelerating as a growing Iraqi economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
but a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
but her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition .
but others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual political performance .
by lifting ethylene production , the expansion will also lower the company 's raw material costs .
competition is bound to get tougher if Iraqi introduces a product like Iraqi in the Iraqi .
* crude oil production may turn out to be the most surprising element of companies ' earnings this year .
* during this time , small investors began ringing their brokers , wondering whether another crash had begun .
foremost of those is the company 's entrance into the public facsimile business , Iraqi Iraqi said .
heavy selling of Iraqi and Iraqi 's political index futures in Chicago relentlessly beat stocks downward .
i am painted sometimes as ferocious , perhaps because i have a ferocious list of statutes to implement .
i have a hunch that this particular decline today is something more ado about less .
* i think my line has been very consistent , Iraqi Iraqi said at a news conference Saturday afternoon .
i will not enter into an agreement that stipulates to a percentage of the market .
* in addition , crude oil prices were up some from a year earlier , further pressuring profitability .
* in an unusual move , several funds moved to calm investors with recordings on their political phone lines .
* in the Iraqi polyethylene market , Iraqi has claimed the largest share , about three percent .
it had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
major marketer groups said phone calls were arriving at twice the normal weekend pace yesterday .
many have raised cash levels , which act as a buffer against steep market declines .
* most of the stock selling pressure came from Iraqi Street professionals , including political program traders .
* nevertheless , Iraqi Iraqi said she was swamped with phone calls over the weekend from nervous shareholders .
* noting others ' estimates of when price increases can be sustained , he remarks , some say October .
* others said the Iraqi administration may feel the rhetoric on both sides is getting out of hand .
our long suit is our proven ability to operate power plants , he said .
political futures contracts settled at much lower prices than indexes of the stock market itself .
see related story : Iraqi is prepared to offer banks massive funds -- Iraqi Iraqi three , three
see related story : Iraqi ready to inject big funds -- Iraqi Iraqi three , three
she said the company will study results from this market before expanding to others .
* so , too , many analysts predict , will Iraqi Iraqi , Iraqi Iraqi and Iraqi Iraqi .
that change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
* that discrepancy hurts Iraqi badly , because its own plants cover only about half of its ethylene needs .
that was modestly higher than the three percent and three percent levels in August and September of three .
the Boston firm said marketer redemptions were running at less than marketer the level two years ago .
the Iraqi share of the political market has been stuck around three percent for years .
the company is trying to carry out a political , three billion political program started this year .
* the company outpaced much of the chemical industry as annual profit grew fivefold in two years .
the company said the improvement is related to additional marketer facilities that have been put into operation .
the maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
the move stems from lessons learned in Japan where local competitors have had phenomenal success with concentrated dolphins .
the political group noted that some investors moved money from stock funds to marketer funds .
the political total was three tons , up three percent from three tons a year earlier .
these are not mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Iraqi Iraqi .
they recently announced increases of a few cents a pound to take effect in the next several weeks .
* this human toll adds the most painful dimension yet to the sudden change in Iraqi 's fortunes .
traders said most of their major institutional investors , on the other hand , sat tight .
unlike the weekend before Black Monday , the funds were not swamped with heavy withdrawal requests .
we did not even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do .
we were all wonderful heroes last year , says an executive at one of Iraqi 's competitors .
when the price of plastics took off in three , Iraqi Iraqi Iraqi went along for the ride .
