The well-known and historic Aurlandsdalen Valley, was once one of the main routes between the eastern and western parts of Norway.
The area known as Norway's Grand Canyon, is wild and breathtaking, rich in plant and animal life, cultural treasures, history and geological features.
You can hike through the valley and stay overnight in the mountain lodges along the way, or come by bus or private car for shorter trips.
Each section is also suitable as a single day tour.
Cross the railway at the station, continue along the western side of Jomfrunut and over the Finseåni river bridge.
A short detour to St. Pål (named by Lord Garvagh) is a must.
Spectacular views over Gausta, Hardangerjøkulen and parts of Jotunheimen.
The route continues towards Bakkaheleren.
On the way you pass an old animals hunting pit.
Continue along the south bank of the river to Geiterygghytta Mountain lodge.
Follow the path up from the construction road north of the lodge and ascend the west side of Sundellerskarvet.
Here the path forks off to Kongshelleren and Iungsdalen.
The path to Steinbergdalhytta continues northwards and cross Rausdalen.
Another climb west of Bolhovd to Breibakka.
Magnificent view over Stemmerdalen.
The path descends diagonally along the mountain side to Steinberghytta mountain lodge.
Rejoin the path up the slope north of the lodge and continue the ascent.
Fine view over Stemmerdalen.
The path joins an old route by Grøna-dam.
Continue over the Grøna river bridge, up past Grønestølen and down to Østerbø Fjellstove and Østerbø Turisthytte.
This section of the valley is famous.
Past the old cemetery and over the Langdøla bridge; continue past Viki to the once notorious Nesbøgalden (this was a system of ramshackle vertical and horizontal ladders fastened to cracks in the rock).
Now a wide pathway has been blased into the cliff face along the Nesbø-vatnet.
The path continues past picturesque Nesbø to a fork at Tirtesva.
The orginal route is now restored, and it provides much better views than the path along the river.
The steep descent from Bjønnstigvarden is assisted by handrails and steps.
The walk continues past Svartatjødn.
We recommend a visit to the "Vetlahelvete" cave to the west of the path.
Descend once again to the river, and walk to the bridge over the Veiverdalselvi river.
Ascend to Sinjarheim farm (now fully restored having been closed since 1921).
On the way you pass the tiny Almen farm situated beneath a towering rock overhang.
Continue along the river to Belle in Vassbygdi.
HIKING IN AURLAND
Aurland offers dramatic scenery; soaring mountains, narrow valleys such as Aurlandsdalen, Flåmsdalen and Nærøydalen.
The area offers superb walking opportunities ranging from short, hour-long strolls to hikes lasting several days.
Especially popular among walkers is Aurlandsdalen with its fabulous nature and contrasting countryside.
The valley is rich in history and packed with cultural monuments.
It is a historian's a botanist's and a geologist's dream all rolled into one!
Stondalen
By car or bus to Stondalen.
(RV 50 - 20 km from the centre of Aurland) 6 km walk along a cart track to Vassbygdi (about 1,5 hour).
Either return by bus or take the bus to Aurland and Flåm.
DNT route from Stondalen to Sinjarheim in Aurlandsdalen, continuing to Østerbø or Vassbygdi or to Myrdal/Hallingskeid.
There is an easy walk from Aurland centre towards Lærdal offering good views.
Turn off towards Skjerdal and walk on the road by the fjord to the river Volda.
The path continues through forest to Bell farm.
Return along the car road to Aurland centre.
The walk takes about 2-3 hours.
If you want a longer tour, walk along the fjord to Skjerdal.
From there you can take the farm track into the valley as far as you like.
Walk the path from Volda to Bell farm on the way back.
An easy 3-4 hours walk with many fine views.
Cross the bridge to the petrol station and continue to the Flåm junction.
Take the farm track to Vikesland.
From Vikesland by forest track and path to Hovdungo.
Down again to Sele and on to either Lie farm or Vikesland and Aurland centre.
You may even drive to Vikesland - the return journey to Hovdungo would then be 2-3 hours.
This 4-6 hours walk is classed as fairly easy; some hills, good views.
Take the Hol/Oslo (RV.50) road to Lunde Camping.
Pass the roundabout and continue for a few hundred metres, then take the path to Turlid past Turlidfossen (Waterfall) to the main road from Lærdal (Fv. 243).
Return by the same route.
Prest summit
To get to the Prest summit, take the main road past Bjørgo farm to the blue cabin.
Steep path up to Prestevarden (1363 m) - panorama - 2-3 hours round trip.
You may also drive to the marked path 10 km from Aurland centre.
Flåmsdalen
Follow the railway to Vatnahalsen or Myrdal.
Walk along the old construction road to Flåm.
The walk takes 5 hours.
If you want a shorter walk for example 2-2,5 hours, enter the train at Berekvam station.
Construction road from Vatnahalsen to Finse.
DNT trail to Stondalen.
Marked DNT paths from Hallingskeid to Geiterygghytta, Ulvik and Upsete.
Take the train from Flåm to Myrdal or Upsete.
DNT routes from Upsete to Grindaflethytta and on to Undredal (Langhuso), Flåm or Stalheim.
By bus back to Flåm from Stalheim-Langhuso.
From Langhuso you can walk to Undredal (6 km) and take a boat from there.
The Royal post route from Styvi to Bleiklindi is part of the postal network between Oslo and Bergen.
The road was used from as early as 1660 AD until the arrival of steamships in 1860.
Take the boat to Styvi and walk to Bleiklindi and back.
Return by boat to Gudvangen or Aurland/Flåm.
The walk is 5 km long (each way) and takes around 2 hours.
Four-day walking tour through Aurlandsdalen.
Each section is also suitable as a single day tour.
The many historic trails in Lærdal are splendid hiking trails and national tourist attractions in their own right.
In beautiful surroundings around the Borgund stavechurch, you'll find the Sverrestigen Trail, Vindhellavegen, Seltåsen and Galdanevegen trail.
Between Kyrkjestølen at Filefjell and Maristova is a 15 km trail along the old Kongevegen road.
Sverrestigen
A popular path between Husum and the Borgund Stave church.
The name comes from the saga of King Sverre.
How to get there: by car or bus.
Park near the Rimskjold house or at the Borgund Stave church.
Vindhellavegen
The famous Vindhella path winds on impressive hair-pin bends through the mountain pass between Husum and the Borgund Stave church.
Combine the Vindhella path with Sverrestigen path for a really splendid round trip!
The path affords a good walk from Borgund Stave church to Husum.
Bus or car.
Bus stop/parking at Borgund Stave church.
The path across Seltåsen
Fine trail, which includes serveral viewpoints with views of the croft at Galdane and the Sokni waterfalls.
The Seltåsvegen path is an impressive structure which, in some places lies on top of 18 metre-high walls.
How to get there: Parking and best access from the picnic area at Koren, 1 km east of Selthun.
Beautiful round trip past Galdane, the Sokni waterfall and the Lærda River.
Lasts 4 hours.
Start, parking and best access: from Selthun or Sjurhaugen.
Trip Outline
Meeting Time and Place: We meet at the Otta train station at 8:00 p.m. the night before your trip.
From there we shuttle to a charming lodge at the trailhead, where we overnight.
This night's accommodations are included in your trip.
At the pre-trip meeting this evening your guide will answer questions, distribute maps and other provide other information.
Please have your pack ready upon arrival at Otta, any extra luggage will be safely stored and brought to you at the end of the trek.
The Otta Train Station is a small-town station located approximately 3 hours north of the international airport at Gardermoen.
Several trains a day serve Otta from both Oslo and Gardermoen.
In particular, a train that leaves Gardermoen at 4:47 p.m. reaches Otta at 7:48 p.m.
From Otta we will drive to the edge of the Park where we will spend the night in a rustic, comfortable mountain lodge.
Jotunheimen Trip Overview
(Click here for the Rondane Overview)
There are countless highlights on this Europe hiking tour.
First is the hike to Fanarokkan, the highest peak in West Jotunheimen.
This mountain often thrusts above cloud line, affording views of other great peaks in the park.
This night we stay at a wonderfully refurbished weather station on the peak that has seen its share of intense weather.
Next, we trek down the mountain among stony crags with wild flowers nestled in the rocks, snow fields, alpine meadows, and a glistening alpine lake.
We follow a rushing stream down to the edge of a hanging valley where we first glimpse our destination, a rustic lodge nestled in the hillside next to a cascading waterfall.
We hike down below the tree line into a lush forest from which that night's lodge appears like an oasis, with home brewed beer beckoning deserving hikers.
The following days we hike through enchanting valleys that feature glaciers hanging off ridges above and river after river reaching canyon floors via plunging waterfalls.
We trek along ridges that drop precipitously into emerald lakes and meandering mountain streams below.
Each day provides immeasurable pleasure as dramatic scenery appears around every corner and good company abounds.
After emerging from the park on day six we head east into the Heidal valley,a region of Norway famous for its old farming practices and venerable buildings.
Those needing to head on board an evening train or bus.
Daily Itinerary (Please note: This itinerary is very subject to change depending on weather.)
After a hearty breakfast, we begin the hike from the western edge of Jotunheimen.
We hike uphill approximately six miles to Fannaråhytta, a lodge with basic amenities located high atop Fannaraken peak (6800 feet), the tallest mountain in western Jotunheimen.
Although the miles covered are few, this is a challenging day of hiking.
We gain substantial elevation, walk across a glacier guided by a local expert, and trek deep into the park.
Fannaråhytta is famous for its above-the-clouds panoramic views.
After a leisurely morning and filling breakfast we embark on a predominantly downhill seven-mile hike.
This hike winds down among stoney crags.
We descend into an amazing valley basin where tributary rivers drop as terraced waterfalls and run through unbelievable green meadows before merging and becoming the Stor Utla river.
The beauty of this place prompts us to pause often in order to soak it all in.
After stopping mid-trail for lunch we arrive at Skagadalsboen, a remote, helicopter-served lodge that features panoramic views and its own home brew.
This venerable lodge is located in a rich alpine forest.
We spend the night comfortably settled in the heart of these Norwegian woods.
We spend day three in this area, and have a choice of several different day hikes to enjoy.
Or, you can simply relax in the rustic comfort of Skagadalsboen.
We spend night three here as well.
On day four we hike to Olavsbu, another charming hut that is surrounded by lakes and glaciers.
This hike, approximately twelve miles long, wends its way along a beautiful green valley from which we gradually ascend to a higher valley surrounded by hogback mountains.
We hike along lakes and and through rock formations in a starkly beautiful high alpine landscape.
Olavsbu is located virtually in the center of Jotunheimen and is known for the solitude it offers to those who overnight here.
After spending the night at Olavsbu we depart for the dramatic high mountain fjord Bygdin.
This day begins with a generally downhill hike of approximately nine miles.
We hike in the morning to Fondsbu where we enjoy lunch on the banks of fingerlike Bygdin fjord.
We then head south and east around Bygdin fjord, as the trail passes an alpine lake, and climbs and traverses a ridge that offers views of the fjord and beyond.
This night we sleep at Yksendalsbu lodge with panoramas of dramatic cliffs and alpine meadows.
Following a leisurely breakfast we begin the hike out of the park.
We leave Yksendalsbu and hike past another beautiful lake.
After the four hour hike we meet our shuttle van at the east end of Bygdin and head east out of the park.
On this drive we stop at Ridderspranget, a spot on the powerful upper Sjoa river where the canyon walls constrict to less than ten feet apart.
From there we head to the town of Heidal where we toast a great adventure and new friends, and enjoy a Jotunheimen explorers celebration dinner.
After dinner a shuttle will be ready to return to the train station for the evening trip to your next Norwegian destination, filled with memories of your classic Europe hiking tour.
Rondane Trip Overview
Rondane is a beautiful mountain area.
It is located in the central southern part of Norway, and is divided into three different mountain regions.
Each portion of the park hosts peaks approximately 6,000 feet high.
Each of the mountain regions are connected by narrow steep escarpments.
The night we bus to the edge of the park and spend the night in a charming mountain lodge.
The trek begins with a longer hike to the beautiful Grimsdalshytta lodge.
From here we trek to the Doralseter region, an area of expansive views and nice solitude.
We then hike into the forest and visit Bjornhollia.
After a night in the woods we hike into the alpine region of the park, which hosts lakes and sharp hogback ridge mountains.
We spend two nights in this region before hiking out of the park and bussing back to Otta.
Unlike the accommodations in Jotunheimen, which are a mix "government" sponsored and privately owned lodges, Rondane's overnight spots are primarily privately owned.
These places are charming, venerable, and full of Norwegian culture.
Daily Itinerary
(Please note: This itinerary is very subject to change depending on weather.)
After a traditional Norwegian breakfast we leave the lodge Hjerkinn, where we slept the previous night.
We hike several hours, stopping many times to soak in the view, eat lunch, etc., before arrive at Grimsdalshytta, a beautiful lodge that sits just outside the park.
This hike is filled with views of the expansive Rondane.
This lodge features delicious dinners that we enjoy in a charming Norwegian setting.
After a relaxing breakfast we hike in alpine and forested settings en route to the Doralseter region.
This portion of the hike may provide opportunities for viewing reindeer that for centuries have called Rondane home.
Interesting rock formations and colorful lichens pepper the hillsides.
We reach Doralseter late this afternoon and enjoy another great night at a rustic lodge in an idyllic setting.
Here we enjoy a nice hearty dinner in a rustic lodge in the middle of Norwegian wilderness.
This day features a rich forest and tranquil waterways.
We leave Doralseter early this day and head to Bjørnhollia.
This is a longer day of hiking as we weave our through a fir forest and down to Bjornhollia.
While previous days hiking time is from 6-8 hours, on this day we may hike for up to nine hours!
However, this is not a day with a lot of uphill hiking.
This night we relax in the tranquil setting and toast to the peace and quiet of Rondane.
After a well earned night's rest we hike up into the alpine landscape again, and head to Rondvassbu, a high mountain place with lakes and rugged peaks.
This day's hike is shorter, approximately 4-5 hours.
We will stay in this dramatic region for two days.
The second day at Rondvassbu provides many options.
We can either hike a peak (such as Rondeslottet) or we can take the boat at Lake Ronde.
This boat ride takes us up to the end of the lake from where we can hike back to the lodge.
On our last day we hike primarily downhill to the friendly lodge at Mysusseter.
Here we enjoy a traditional Norwegian dinner late in the afternoon and salute a great week of backpacking.
After dinner we bus back to Otta, in time for a night train back to Oslo.
We meet at the Otta train station at 8:00 p.m. the night before your trip.
From there we shuttle to a charming lodge at the trailhead, where we overnight.
This night's accommodations are included in your trip.
At the pre-trip meeting this evening your guide will answer questions, distribute maps and other provide other information.
Please have your pack ready upon arrival at Otta, any extra luggage will be safely stored and brought to you at the end of the trek.
Return to Top
Getting to Norway
Several major airlines fly from many different U.S. cities to Gardermoen, Norway's new international airport.
In addition, trains from throughout Europe arrive daily in Oslo, from which there are several daily northbound trains to our rendezvous.
We are happy to help take care of all of your pre- and post-trip transportation needs.
We want to make your trip as affordable and convenient as possible.
To help with this, we have access to special rates with certain airlines and may be able to find you the most affordable flights to Norway.
There are regularly scheduled flights from the U.S. to Norway on several major carriers, including American Airlines, SAS, Delta, British Air, and Icelandair.
The new international airport at Gardermoen is located approximately 30 miles north of Oslo, and is served by taxi and express train.
Destination Wilderness is an agent for Icelandair.
Trains from throughout Europe arrive several times a day at the Oslo Sentrum and the Gardmoen International Airport train stations, the two most common terminus for international trains arriving in Norway.
Oslo Sentrum is located in the heart of downtown, providing easy access to the main walking streets sidewalk cafes and our rendezvous.
From Oslo, you will take a train north, approximately four hours, to the town of Otta.
Gardmoen is located approximately 45 minutes north of Oslo.
Please contact our office for schedules and fares.
Natural History
Certain words best describe Norway: charming, wild, venerable, and pristine.
Norway is simply one of the best places on earth to visit.
It is a country filled with crystalline rivers, jagged sawtooth mountains, hanging glaciers, thick forests, and friendly villages.
For those seeking adventure in a sparsely populated, wilderness-rich, and culturally kind country, we invite you to consider Norway.
The people of Scandinavia are known adventurers.
From Leif Erickson to Thor Heyerdahl, this region has long provided the world with cutting edge explorers.
Throughout Norway, this hardiness and zest for life is apparent.
Norwegians are notorious for spending time participating in a myriad of adventure activities.
Cross-country skiing, which was a Norwegian invention, trekking, mountaineering, rafting, and other adventure sports rate high on the list of activities that Norwegians enjoy.
We believe that this is largely due to the environment in which they live, an environment that serves as the resource for one adventure after the next.
Today, Norwegians maintain their country in a proud and dignified way.
A strong socialist government assures each Norwegian of lifelong health care and support after retirement.
Old ways of life, such as farming by hand, exist peacefully beside modern conveniences and cosmopolitan pursuits.
The country works to protect its heritage.
For example it is difficult for foreigners to purchase land.
Yet, the day-to-day friendliness and helpfulness of Norwegians is apparent to any traveller with a troubled look on his or her face.
Perhaps this balance of protection and generosity is struck because Norwegians like to share their natural places yet they know that keeping these places Norwegian will preserve them for all future generations.
Approximately 95% of Norway is mountain, forest or farm land, resulting in a country that has endless vistas of hillsides and valleys that are either free of development or feature the occasional colorful farmhouse.
The largest tract of protected wilderness and the tallest mountains of Norway are found in Jotunheimen National Park.
Jotunheimen, the "Home of the Giants", hosts virtually every Norwegian mountain over 6,000 feet.
However, it was the Norwegian mythology and not the towering mountains that earned "Jotun (Giant) heimen (home)" its name.
Story has it that the biggest and baddest giants lived in this region while humans and gods lived elsewhere.
Most of the park's terrain is glacially carved valleys that sit an elevation of 2,500 to 5,000 feet.
The peaks reach up to just over 8,000 feet, with Galdhøpiggen (8100') and Glittertind (8,044') being the tallest mountains in Scandinavia.
Dozens of glaciers pepper the high cliffs throughout Jotunheimen.
The melt from these glaciers results in the hundreds of emerald green streams and lakes that are found throughout the park.
The wildlife in Jotunheimen and Rondane includes rabbit, red fox, arctic fox, lynx, wolverine and various smaller animals (mice, weasels, lemmings) as well as different birds such as sparrow and eagle.
Reindeer can also be found in Rondane and Jotunheimen.
The historical importance of reindeer is found throughout these parks, as different place names include prefixes such as dyra (deer), simle (doe) and bukk (buck).
Given the phenomenal beauty, unique geography, and cultural importance of these great places it is little wonder that they are now forever protected as national parks.
Norwegians' propensity for outdoor activities such as hiking, and the recency of Rondane and Jotunheimen's designation as a national park have led to the grandfathering and construction of mountain lodges that are discreetly and conveniently located throughout the parks.
Each lodge has its own unique history.
Some have served as remote weather stations, others as wilderness survival cabins, and a few as upscale resort getaways that for generations have passed down from one family member to the next.
Some are accessed by roads that end at the edge of Rondane and Jotunheimen while others are found deep in a roadless area amid towering peaks and endless wilderness vistas.
Return to Top
Norway / Europe Hiking Tour Additional Information
Experience Required
The Heart of Norway trip is an ideal adventure travel vacation for physically fit first-time and veteran adventurers.
The treks are generally moderate to strenuous in difficulty with elevation changes appropriate to the number of miles walked.
Some physical fatigue is to be expected during the course of the trek.
The minimum age for this trip is 16.
Participant Fitness And Activity Levels
Destination Wilderness trips are created with active, curious, go-with-the-flow, and nature-loving adventurers in mind.
Our Heart of Norway Trek is designed for those with a zest for remote wilderness, moderate adventures and active participation, and the creature comforts of mountain lodges.
While you should be fit and in good health for this trip, you need not be a honed athlete.
We do recommend that participants train for this trip by hiking and/or working out in order to strengthen legs and backs.
It is likely that you will be sore after the first day due to the elevation gain and from carrying a pack.
Participants on this trip should be able to walk eight-plus miles a day carrying a twenty pound backpack.
Weather
This trip, 200 miles north of Oslo, takes place in the mountain country of central Norway and daytime temperatures can greatly vary with highs in the 80's, and lows in the 40's are possible, with even an occasional day in the 30's.
Nights temperatures range from the teens to 60 degrees.
Rainfall is possible and it can even snow, although snow is very rare in summer.
It is important to prepare for the possibility of inclement weather even though there is a greater chance of warm, sunny days.
The Isle of the Midnight Sun Norway nature trip begins at Andenes, Norway, a pretty sea side town on the Vesterålen and Lofoten Islands, miles north of the Arctic Circle.
After settling in to our delightful seaside accommodations we board a World Wildlife Fund research vessel and ply the northern Norwegian sea in search of the giant leviathan sperm whales that call these waters home.
After an afternoon of great whale watching we return to the lodging for a great meal and a night of tranquility above the Arctic Circle.
The next day we leisurely travel overland south, to the fishing town of Reine, famous for its scenic setting of dramatic fjords and dried fish unique to this region.
Here we will spend three days, exploring the mountains and coastal plains that sit exposed on the Norwegian Sea side of these sentinel Islands.
We also spend a day visiting a fascinating sea cave that hosts centuries old cave paintings.
This place is accessed only by nimble and exciting Zodiac rafts.
On the last day we board a ferry near the town of Å (that's right, Å), and sail back to the Norwegian mainland, filled with memories of this unique island paradise.
Two-and-a-half days of this trip are spent primarily on the water.
One day we visit Refikshula, a narrow chasm that hosts 3,000 year old cave paintings.
To access the cave we travel first by large Zodiac raft over the maelstrom waters of the southern Lofotens.
Another other on-water day is aboard the research whale watching vessel.
This is a large multi-passenger ship that features naturalists and guides familiar with the sperm whale that plies the waters off Vesterålen.
The half-day on water trip on day six is aboard a medium-sized modern ferry as we bid farewell to the islands and return to mainland Norway.
The hikes on this trip are spectacular and in open country.
We spend time hiking most days on the Lofotens including the Refikshula day where we walk along the beach and up a hill to the cave.
We also hike along Norwegian Sea headlands and over mild mountain passes that afford top of the world and edge of the earth views.
With daylight lasting almost all night there will be lots of hiking time.
Daily Itinerary (Please note: This itinerary is subject to change depending on weather.)
Whale Watching Day!
After meeting in the quaint and scenic town of Andenes we head to our idyllic seaside cabins, get situated, and then head out for a late afternoon of world class whale watching.
We start the trip at the Andenes Whale Center which features a museum and interpretive presentation by a local naturalist.
Following this tour we board a research vessel and head out to sea for three to five hours, depending on weather and sightings.
One of the most highly regarded whale watching tours on earth, this trip typically features numerous sightings of the giant sperm whale.
However, while over 90% of these tours have whale sightings there is no guarantee.
Also, in the case of extreme weather, the trip may be canceled.
Although rare, if this does happen we may be able to reschedule for the following day.
After this trip we head back to our cottages and enjoy a delicious Norwegian dinner.
Bird Watching and Overland Day!
From the dock near our cabins we board a sightseeing vessel and head out to the nearby coastal island that is host to thousands of puffins!
Here we marvel at these little birds that nest on the steep cliffs.
We then travel overland from Vesterålen along the stunning rural roads of this arctic island.
We arrive in Reine in the southernmost region of the Lofotens and get comfortable in rørbus which could be considered to be some of highest latitude island dwellings on earth!
The highways and byways traveled on this day are among the most scenic in the world.
This afternoon we can explore Reine and Hamøy, the towns we will call home for the next few days.
Hiking Day!
We will head out for an all-day hike into the wilderness of the Lofoten Islands.
On this day we will carry our lunch with us and visit mountain passes that provide unbelievably dramatic views as far as you can see (weather permitting).
We return this afternoon to our rørbus and have the option of rowing a boat around the inlet that hosts the towns of Reine and Hamnøy.
The hiking location varies depending on weather and ground conditions.
Refikshula Cave Day!
After being picked up at the rørbu by the Zodiac raft we head out to the waters surrounding the Lofotens and travel south along the jagged coast until we reach the docking point for Refikshula.
From here, we walk up and into the cave that hosts centuries-old cave paintings.
Here our naturalist/guide explains how the ancient people chose to visit and inhabit the cave.
After returning to the rørbus we have the option of hiking again, just relaxing at the rørbus, or exploring the friendly confines of Reine.
Another Hiking Day!
We venture to another part of this amazing place and spend the day exploring by foot the mountain passes, expansive beaches, and alpine meadows that make Lofoten a premier hiking locale.
The panoramas and forever views can leave you awestruck by the power and beauty of natural Norway.
Arctic Sea Crossing Day!
After a leisurely morning we board the ferry to return to the mainland.
This ferry ride, approximately three hours long, affords great views of the Norwegian coast as we pull away from the knife-edge archipelago, and increasingly dramatic views of the Norwegian coast as we approach Bodø.
We reach Bodø in the late afternoon and participate in a celebration dinner and toast to a great Europe adventure travel trip, which we complete in time for the all night train to Trondheim.
The Lofoten Islands and their northern neighbor the Vesterålen Islands sit dozens of miles west of the upper Norwegian mainland.
Here, above the Arctic circle, this string of land stands guard over the Norwegian Sea.
Buffeted by the warmer air of the gulf stream, the Lofotens have surprisingly good weather considering their extreme northern latitudes.
Interestingly, though these islands are only a few miles wide, the inner or eastern coast gets noticeably more sunlight, as the outer western coast is more susceptible to marine influences such as fog and rain.
This truly is the land of the midnight sun.
From most points on the islands the sun never sets from late May to mid July.
In August, although the sun dips below the horizon for a few minutes, the sky remains lit throughout the night, often in a beautiful purple or orange tint.
These skies are best described as unforgettable, as they are perfectly framed by the jagged peaks of the Lofoten's razorback mountains and the rich blue waters surrounding the island.
The geology of this region is as unique as the islands are remote.
Both the oldest and youngest rocks in Norway are found here.
The older, 3 billion year old rocks form the plateaus on which the few Lofoten Island villages and towns are built.
The younger rocks form the sharp ridges and peaks that dominate the island.
Geologists believe that these mountains were so high during recent ice ages that they were not covered by ice.
Equal parts stunning seascapes and wild landscapes, Norway has given rise to a country of seafarers and land lovers.
Nowhere does the love of the outdoors and a passion for hiking thrive more than here.
Beginning in the port city of Bergen, hiking long classic routes through celebrated hiking areas, and ending in Oslo, we hope to capture as much of the essence of Norway as possible in this 14-day trip.
From Bergen, we will travel east by railway to the highest stop on the Oslo--Bergen line, Finse.
Descending at this isolated outpost we will begin our hike through the Aurlandsdalen.
Almost certainly used by the Vikings and later by mediaeval cattle and horse drovers, this 3-day route follows an ancient east-west thoroughfare to the shores of the Aurlandsfjord.
Until 1970 it was only possible to travel down this valley on foot.
The valley still retains a wild feel, and the route ranks as one of Norway's most beautiful and classic hikes.
Arriving in the village of Aurland, we'll then transfers by ferry and bus to the very eastern end of the Sognefjord, to begin our hike through the Jotunheimen Nasjonalpark ("Home of Giants").
The Jotunheimen encompasses an amazing concentration of high peaks for the 3900 square kilometers that it covers.
Within its boundaries lie Norway and Northern Europe's two highest peaks, Galdhopiggen (8,148') and Glittertind (8,131').
This is a landscape of sharp summits and heaving glaciers towering high above river valleys and lake-studded plateaus.
There are no public roads into the interior area of the park and it is only accessible to visitors on skis or on foot.
Our route across the southern section of the park will be highlighted a two day traverse along the famously beautiful Lake Gjende, considered by UNESCO to be one of the worlds most important lakes.
We will end our trip in the vibrant city of Oslo, with a day free to explore the city and its many museums and historic sites, including the Norwegian Folk Museum and the Viking Ship Museum.
Itinerary
Day 1: Independent travel to the hotel in Bergen.
Orientation and welcome dinner.
Day 2: Transfer to Finse.
We will have the morning free to explore the city of Bergen.
Considered one of the country's most enjoyable cities, Bergen has a laid back easy-going nautical feel.
This thriving port city is host to a several good museums and fine medieval buildings.
Day 3: Hike from Finse to Geiterygghytta.
Today we begin our three-day hike through the narrow and wild valley of Aurlandsdal following the final miles of an ancient thoroughfare that connected western and eastern Norway.
Day 4: Our route begins with a climb up the slope of the Sundhellerskarvet, passing below its imposing peak.
Scrambling over rocky outcroppings and wandering through birch groves, we'll have views of the waterfall from the River Grona before arriving at Osterbo and our hut.
Day 5: We leave the hut following the river downstream.
Views across to the opposite bank reveal plunging streams and towering cliffs.
Further down the trail a short detour will bring us to Vetlahelvete (Little Hell Cave), a domed water-filled cave lit through a narrow opening at its top.
As we descend to the river huge rock walls will tower above us as the river rushes wildly below us.
Day 5: Ferry from Aurland to Skjolden.
Bus to Sognefjellshytta.
We'll have the morning free to relax or explore the village.
Aurland is the site of Vangen Church a medieval stone church built in 1202.
We will travel along the shores of the Lustrafjord on Highway 55, Norway's highest mountain road.
As it twists its way up to a high mountain plateau offering stunning views of the Jotunheimen's icy peaks to the east.
We should arrive at Sognefjellshytta in the early evening.
Day 6: From Sognefjellshytta, we follow the valley of Helgedalen along the river up to the Skautehaugane.
Crossing between the lakes of Skautevatnet and Illvatnet we will make our way to Keiserpasset.
We'll have fine views of the glacier Gjertvassbreen and the peaks of Styggedalstindane and Gjertvasstind as we descend through the lovely valley of Gjertvassdalen along its raging river.
Day 7: Hike to Olavsbu.
Leaving Skogadalsboen, we'll retrace our steps down through the birch woods.
Following along the Storutla River, we will hike up the valley until our route diverges to east and we enter the valley of Raudalen.
With the peak of Raudalstindane coming into view we will follow a chain of small lakes until we reach the larger lake of Raudalsvatnet.
After hiking along the shore, we continue up stream to Olavsbu where we will spend the night.
Day 9: Leaving Olavsbu we will continue to make our way through the quiet lake-laced valley of Raudalen, dominated to north by Raudalsegga and to the south by Sjogholstind.
As we turn northeast and descend through the valley of Vesleadalen we'll have fine views of Lake Gjende below us.
18 kilometers long, this glacial fed lake is wonderfully green in color.
Day 10: Gjendebu to Memurubu.
This is one of the finest hikes in the Jotunheimen.
Along with fine views of the lake, we should see many of the glaciers and peaks of the Jotunheimen.
A 30-minute hike along the lakeshore brings us to the start of our ascent.
This is a steep, rocky section of trail with "rope and fences at more exposed places", but once the top of the climb is reached the views are expansive.
To the to the east we'll see tomorrows route over the Besseggen Ridge.
We pass several mountain lakes along the Lagtunga ridge, before descending to our lakeside hut.
Day 11: Hike to Gjendesheim.
The last hike of our journey across the southern Jotunheimen is one of Norway's most well known walks made famous with the help of Henrik Ibsen's poem, Peer Gynt.
In the poem Peer Gynt rides wildly across the Besseggen Ridge on the back of a reindeer before tumbling into the lake.
(Optional activity.)
The views on this route are "staggering" as it traverses 400 meters (1,320') above Lake Gjende.
There is a shorter route from Memurubu to Gjendesheim and a ferry as well.
Day 12: Transfer to Oslo.
We will depart Gjendesheim in the morning by private bus to Oslo.
Enroute we will stop in Lillehammer allowing time to explore the town and some of its museums.
The Sandvig Collection at Maihaugen is the largest open-air museum in Europe encompassing 185 buildings and presenting more than 40,000 artifacts.
Maihaugen offers a glimpse of rural Norwegian society through churches, homes, farmyards and tools from the Gudbrandsdalen valley, which extends north from Lillehammer.
We will arrive in Oslo early evening
Day 13: Today you will be free to explore the city.
Farewell dinner followed by a spelling bee of Norwegian place names.
Day 14: Depart Oslo.
The tour will end with breakfast at the hotel.
The Gardermoen Airport is an easy train or bus ride from the downtown station.
For those who are interested in a traditional Norwegian hut-to-hut hiking experience, we are offering a hike through Rondane National Park.
Established as Norway's first National Park in 1962, this is an intriguing and much beloved hiking area.
With the Rondane massif as its centerpiece, many regard these mountains as the finest and most beautiful in Norway.
A much-celebrated painting by Harald Sohlberg of the Rondane Mountains of Rondeslottet and Hogronden, called "Winter night in the Mountains", hangs in the National Gallery in Oslo.
The park is divided into three distinct groups of mountains, all over 2,000 meters, or roughly 6,600 feet, in elevation.
To the east are Rondvasshogda, Storronden, and the highest of all Rondeslottet at 2,178 meters.
To the west are Smiubelgen with Veslesmeden (2,016), Storsmeden (2,017') and Sagtinden (2,018') all linked by narrow saddles creating a wild and picturesque cirque.
The third group, divided from Rondvasshogda and Smiubelgen by the deep valley of Langglupdalen, consists of (2,114') Midtronden and Digerronden.
Beginning in the north of the park, we will hike south through this landscape carved by the Ice Age.
Impressive, barren mountains, narrow canyons and deep cirques characterize this high plateau that is still home to Norway's last herd of wild reindeer.
By staying in classic huts and mountain lodges, and hiking past ancient trapping sites, through the expansive terrain that lies beneath the guiding peaks of Hogronden, Midtronden, and Digerronden, Norway's robust natural and cultural history should reveal itself abundantly.
We will begin and end our trip in the vibrant city of Oslo, with time to explore the city and its many museums and historic sites, including the Norwegian Folk Museum and the Viking Ship Museum.
Itinerary
Day 1:Independent travel to the hotel in Oslo.
Day 2: Transfer by bus to Sletten.
Our transfer from Oslo to our farm at Sletten will take the better part of the day.
At the foot of the Dovrefjell mountain range, we'll leave the E6 heading east to Sletten and our accommodations for the night.
Day 3: Hike from Sletten to Grimsdalshytta.
This area is rich in evidence of ancient Viking settlements dating back to 800 AD.
Near the Grimsdalshytta are said to be graves from this period, and there are also remnants of animal pit traps in the area as well.
Day 4: Hike to Øvre Dørålseter .
From Grimsdalshytta, we cross the bridge over the Grimsa River, and begin our climb up to the flat terrain between the peaks of Gravho and Gravhodalseter.
Crossing this plain, we then descend through woods to the valley of Haverdalen.
We ascend again following a stream up the slope of Stygghoin into the wild, rocky gap Doralglupen surrounded by fairytale-like mountains.
We'll end our day at the hut at Øvre Dørålseter.
Day 5: Today we will head southwest up the Doralen valley.
Our route will trace the river for couple of kilometers before turning south.
Our gradual ascent traces the west of the stream of Bergedalsbekken, past a series of small lakes bringing us to the junction of three valleys, the Bergedalen, and Langglupdalen.
Continuing up the Rondvassdalen we will reach the northern end lake of Rondvatnet.
Here we will board a ferry that crosses the lake to Rondvassbu.
Day 6: Rest day at Rondvassbu.
Today can be spent relaxing at the hut or hiking up to one of the nearby summits of Rondeslottet, Storronden, or Veslesmeden.
Day 7: Hike to Bjørnhollia.
From Rondvassbu, we continue east along the valley of Illmanndalen.
The day begins with a short, steep ascent before the route eases into a pleasant traverse of the valley as it skirts a series of small mountain lakes.
Day 8: Hike to Eldåbu.
Leaving Bjørnhollia, we follow a track to the old farm of Gamalseter.
Crossing the bridge over the stream of Myldinga we'll begin our climb up the western slope of Geitsida.
Joining the Steindalen valley as it wedges its way between the slopes of Hornflagan to the west and Geitsida to the east, we'll descend to North Vulutjorn Lake.
Continuing along South Lake to the brook, we pass several small mountain lakes as we follow along the foot of Bagaskardshogdin.
Our hut is near a babbling brook nestled in a beautiful birch forest.
Day 9: Hike to Venabu.
From Eldåbu, we continue to the old farm at Eldaseter.
Rising up through wooded terrain to a long moraine ridge, we continue to the hotel at Venabu.
Day 10: Transfer by 20-minute taxi to Ringebu, and then take the train to Oslo arriving at 3:00 pm.
Farewell dinner followed by a spelling bee of Norwegian place names!
Day 11: Depart Oslo.
Norway - A paradise for hiking!
While the greater part of Norway consists of a high mountain plateau, do not imagine that it is flat.
Far from it.
The plateau is carved by deep valleys, while large rock formations and snowcapped peaks tower several thousand feed above it.
Western Norway also has Europe's largest glacier, the Jostedalsbre.
Then there are magnificent waterfalls, peaceful lakes and fjords thrusting their way into the heart of the mountains.
In short, ideal hiking terrain.
How do you get there?
Before you start hiking, you must make your way by train, bus or car to one of the starting points of your tour.
From then on you have to rely on yourself and your own level of fitness as you move from hut to hut.
So if you are thinking of an active way of spending your days off or your holidays, this is worth considering.
You are likely to find it a rewarding holiday, far from the stress, noise and crowds of everyday life.
Besides, there is hardly a better way of getting to know Norway than by hiking in the mountains.
You will meet kindred spirits, Norwegians as well as overseas visitors, and together with them you will enjoy a unique sense of fellowship and achievement.
Does it sound great?
Find out more about hiking in Norway by visiting these sites:
DNT, The Norwegian Mountain Touring Association, is a nationwide organization for hikers, founded in 1868.
DNT promotes a healthy, natural and active outdoor life in the mountains and woodlands by operating lodges, marking summer and winter routes, arranging guided tours and practical courses and publishing a yearbook, a magazine and other information material.
Membership is open to all.
Bergen Turlag is the local branch of DNT in Bergen.
Feel free to contact them for hiking routes near Bergen.
This site will help you get to peaks, summits and mountains near Bergen and in Hordaland.
The site will provide you with access information, trail description(s), pictures and other relevant information.
Also of interest are the mountains around the Rosendal community in Kvinnherad kommune.
These mountains are also refered to as the Rosendal alps (see picture on top of page), having an alpine profile unlike what is typical for mountains in Hordaland fylke in general.
The wild and rugged mountains stretch all the way to Uskedalen, just south-west of Rosendal.
In this area, one find the characteristic Ulvanosa and Englafjell peaks, easily seen from Bergen on a decent clear day.
Uskedalen is also a popular area for technical climbing, especially the north face of the Ulvanosa massif.
A number of other well known peaks on the peninsula should attract hikers - Grimsnuten, Jonstein, Torsnuten, Solnuten, to name a few.
In addition, the narrow ridge traverse from Rosendal to Folgefonna across Bjørndalstindane and Juklavasskruna is a hike not easily forgotten.
To Bjørndalstinden
Petter and I had been talking about this traverse for quite some time, and this week-end we finally had the opportunity.
Jan-Frode wanted to come along for the trip.
He had given this ridge a shot earlier, but was turned down by ugly weather.
The weather for this Sunday was supposed to be brilliant.
We all expected the local fog to be burnt off by the time we got to higher ground.
Due to late departing ferries from Gjermundshamn on Sundays, we didn't get going until 09:25AM.
We very very excited to be on the way.
We expected that the long rope and iron tools would solve most of the challenges along the way, but we really had no clue on what kind of challenges we would encounter.
We would just have to deal with them along the way.
The first challenge was to find the trail from Muradalen.
After briefly messing around in the forest, we adjusted the course and found the trail towards Andersfjellet/Bjørndalen.
It was a hot day, and we took our time up the mountain.
High on Andersfjellet we scouted for a possible descent route.
The initial plan was to descend in Bjørndalen's inner basin.
It looked steep, but doable.
And in any case, we had the rope.
Higher on Andersfjellet, we modified the plan and decided to descend Bjørndalsnuten's north-west ridge.
The ridge seemed slightly less steep, and we could collect another mountain top, although this one not ranked.
Once on Andersfjellet summit, it was clear that the fog would be a slight problem.
We had no view of the Bjørndalsnuten SW ridge, which made planning somewhat harder.
The second option was to get on the Melderskin - Bjørndalstindane ridge, but Petter believed a notch would cause more problems on that route.
We decided to get lucky on the SW ridge.
First, the 1223m point had to be passed.
The climb to the top was steep, but unproblematic.
But at least we got into scrambling mode.
I was overeager and got way ahead of the others on my way to the SW ridge.
The initial part looked ridiculously steep and I decided to bypass these problems and follow a grassy pitch on the left hand side.
Of course, Petter and Jan-Frode took on the ridge directly, and I got a bit nervous about getting stuck in the steep side below the ridge.
I fumbled around for a route up, and had the sensation that everything was vertical.
Finally, I made it back on to the ridge, and watched Petter and Jan-Frode take on the various obstacles further down on the ridge.
After some further light scrambling, we were in easy terrain and entered the highest of the Bjørndalstindane peaks at 13:35PM.
The traverse
I was full of joy of reaching the summit, and after one glance towards the "humps from hell", also known as the further route, I just wanted to go home.
I couldn't believe that this sort of terrain could exist in Hordaland, where 99.8% of the mountains are friendly and easily traveled.
The fog that dressed the mountains only added value to the atmosphere.
I was perhaps relieved of the fact that I didn't get to see valley floor.
After a meal on the summit, we decided to rope up.
It seemed to be the kind of terrain where the rope is your friend.
The south side of the "humps from hell" was quite friendly, and I cursed the rope after only 5 minutes.
The distance between us was too long, and the echo distorted any vocal communication.
If there was to be any sense in the rope, it should be tight when the leader climbed down.
This also meant that I had only seconds to complete the awkward moves before the rope pulled me further.
And once down in the saddle between the two Bjørndalstindane summits, we decided to put the rope back into the rucksack.
As the others were in "high ridge mode", it felt like cheating taking the sensible route around obstacles.
So, in the saddle, I started climbing the high ridge towards the 2nd of the two summits.
The ridge was narrow indeed.
I did not find words in my vocabulary to express the exposure down to my left.
For a moment I got stuck on the ridge, standing on my knees, trying to figure out an answer to the obvious question - Why?
I acclimated fast and continued up the ridge without further glitches in the psyche.
The 2nd summit was by far the narrowest peak I have ever been on.
Petter and I crowded the summit.
I only got a glimpse of the route ahead.
It looked narrow.
And then it disappeared into the big white nothing.
Jan-Frode was leading on across the ridge towards Juklavasskruna.
Swiftly, he passed over obstacles that was more time consuming for Petter and myself.
At one point on the ridge, we were downclimbing face in while Jan-Frode was giving us suggestions on where to put our feet.
How did he swing down here without building up a queue?
When we finally reached the western Juklavasskruna pillar, the confidence I had built up swept away like a newspaper in a storm.
The pillar was not only high, it was ugly-steep.
I looked towards an inviting grassy pitch, bypassing the pillar, hoping the rest of the team felt the same way.
We could obviously climb this thing using ropes and belays, but it would take considerable time.
If there was a way around this thing, then why not.
The fog (and a poor map resolution) caused some uncertainty whether this pillar was the 2nd of the two Bjørndalstindane summits.
But then Petter realized that this had to be Juklavasskruna, and exactly the place where a friend of his had tried to rappel down, only to be hanging high above ground with no more rope.
His friend had told him that they had to climb back up, and bypass the pillar on the south side.
The grassy pitch we were looking at could very well be that route.
The grassy pitch had its degree of exposure, but in dry conditions, the route felt safe enough.
We gradually climbed upwards until there was no more grassy route to follow, and then climbed directly onto the ridge.
In order to gain the ridge, we could choose between climbing through a V-crack, or in a more creative fashion directly onto the ridge.
I had great fun in manouvering through the V-crack, but Petter didn't like my recommendation and wondered why I had put him in this situation.
Jan-Frode decided to climb up outside this crack.
I could see a cairn 50-60m away and started a solo journey before Jan-Frode had reached the high ridge.
I wanted to take some photos as they came along the narrow and airy ridge.
Just before the summit I stared down to a deep notch in the ridge.
The climb down had an insane exposure.
I decided to downclimb face out.
When I was parallel to the ridge (below me was just the rock I was standing on, and nothing else), I prepared to move onto the ridge through a gentle swing.
I saw a chance that the move could fail, and made sure I had the right holds.
The first move failed and I felt significant stress come upon me as I bounced back on the narrow rock I was standing on.
This was an interesting moment.
It was just me and this tricky move.
The others hadn't arrived yet.
Only one year ago I would have been busy with cursing everyone, finding every excuse to turn around, but having to complete the job anyway with a "I'll never hike mountains again!" mindset.
Now it was just me and the problem.
I felt a strong sense of satisfaction noticing the heart beating at its normal rhythm.
The second swing was successful, and 16:05PM I sat down on the Juklavasskruna high point cairn.
The others came across the ridge and was highly surprised to find this type of obstacle, so close to the summit.
After measuring the height using two GPS receivers, we concluded that Juklavasskruna was 21m higher than what we had perceived.
The traverse seen from Bjorndalsnuten
The "thriller" finish
The remaining ridge towards the Juklavasskruna plateau was no easier than the ridgewalks we had done so far.
But soon we were on the plateau, and stopped by the 1434m cairn, only to verify that this point was as high as the map stated.
Then we headed across the plateau, on the way towards Bjørndalsnuten.
We had only carried one litre of water each, and 1 litre/7 hours is way too little.
When we found running water on the Juklavasskruna plateau, I almost fainted after satisfying the thirst.
I had trouble with both vision and balance.
After gaining self-control, I concluded that there was nothing wrong with me.
The water was just "THAT GOOD".
We scrambled down to the Bjørndalsnuten ridge and started to move across the ridge.
We reached the Bjørndalsnuten high point 18:02PM and I asked Petter when the last ferry was departing from Løfallstrand.
22-something, he replied.
We still had a long way to go, and the overall team tempo was decreasing.
Before us, we had a 200m climb back onto the trail over Andersfjellet, which we knew would be time consuming.
At 19:15PM, on the way down from Bjørndalsnuten, Petter presented "Plan B".
Plan B was about making it across the south side of lake Isorvatnet.
At the far end of the lake, we could follow the trail from lake Prestavatnet down to the Muradalen valley.
This meant no upwards hiking, which would be of great benefit, time-wise.
The concern was that we had to cross the river from lake Stølsvatnet to gain lake Isorvatnet's south side (the north side was way to steep, and this is where the trail to Andersfjellet ran).
Then, the river from lake Isorvatnet had to be crossed to get onto the trail to Muradalen.
Petter suggested that I ran down to the lake and looked for a way across.
If I could make it down to the valley, then I could go and get the car and drive it to the end of the valley (ignoring any signs prohibiting traffic).
If I couldn't make it across the lake, then I was to come back and join the group.
Missing the last ferry involved a high probability that we would have to drive to Bergen via Hol-Aurland.
This would take 6-7 hours, and was clearly the very last option.
I ran down to Bjørndal and uttered sounds in pure joy when I discovered a bridge across the river and a visible trail along the south side of lake Isorvatnet.
My heart rhythm involved some extra beats when I was approaching lake Prestavatnet.
The river was raging.
Would there be a second bridge?
Yup, there it was.
The trail down along the waterfall from lake Prestavatnet was cumbersome, and wires provided welcomed handhold.
Across the boulder section below I had to look hard for the trail.
But by 20:35PM, I was down in the valley and ran the remaining 2,2Km for the car.
I called my colleague Tore "always on-line" Larsen and asked him to look up the last ferry from Løfallstrand on the hsd.no web site.
As I was on the border of cellular coverage, I said I would call back for the answer when the others had come down from the mountain.
I wasn't sure how fast the others were advancing, and decided to head back up with a headlight.
If darkness came upon them, they would have problems following the trail down the waterfall.
At 21:15PM, I met Petter and Jan-Frode about 200m above Muradalen.
I was very happy to see them.
Perhaps we would reach the ferry after all.
We were down by the car at 21:35PM and I dropped them off at their car by the trailhead 21:40PM.
On the way to the ferry, I called Tore.
He told me that the last ferry left at 22:00PM.
We arrived at Løfallstrand 21:51PM.
The hike took 12 hours, 10 minutes.
How's that for cutting it close?
Enjoy a close encounter with western Norway's convoluted coastline, a landscape that has been called the most beautiful on Earth.
Here towering granite cliffs plunge into deep, twisting fjords that wind their way for as much as a hundred miles into Norway's rocky core.
Picturesque villages and farms huddle where the topography permits.
Stroll to ancient stave churches, and hike to the blue face of glaciers to see how the hand of ice is still at work shaping the Scandinavian landscape.
Enjoy thrilling walks and hikes to glorious vantage points and isolated summer farms perched high above the fjords.
Gain a better appreciation for the resiliency of the Norwegians who have over the centuries come to terms with and thrived in this rugged, harsh, and magnificent environment.
Overnight in Lofthus
Dinner included
Depart Bergen and visit Troldhaugen, home of Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg.
Travel to Lofthus, a fjord village in the Hardanger region known for its fruit orchards.
Enjoy the ambiance of one of Fjord Norway's most renowned hotels, your base for two nights.
Stretch your legs on an afternoon walk to the waterfalls that plunge over the edge of the great Hardangervidda plateau into the Opo Valley.
The waterfall named Skrikjo ("shriek") plunges down the face of the escarpment at the head of the valley in a thin stream while the Bjørnabyksefoss tumbles down the valley's north wall in a series of powerful, roaring cascades.
A cabin that Edvard Grieg used while staying in the Hardanger region can be found on the hotel grounds.
Overnight in Lofthus
Breakfast & dinner included
Follow the route of the Munketrappene ("Monk's Steps") which leads to the fabulous vantage point called Nosi ("the nose") at the edge of the windswept Hardangervidda.
Marvel at the cataracts that plunge in a foaming spectacle through narrow canyons on their way to the fjords below.
For a longer hike, continue into the austere, tundra environment of the Hardangervidda where rushing streams link a myriad of high country lakes.
Be on the lookout for cloudberries (Rubus chamæorus)---highly prized by Scandinavians.
They can sometimes can be found in the Hardangervidda's high windswept meadows.
Descend the old trail to Stuvasete to return to your hotel nestled in the luxuriant green landscapes of fjord country.
Overnight in Flåm
Breakfast & dinner included
Travel to Voss and catch a train to the mountain settlement of Myrdal.
Myrdal is the mountain terminus of the Flåm rail line (or Flåmsbana) which makes its way down the lovely Flåm Valley (Flåmsdalen) to its sea-level terminus at Flåm.
You can hop aboard the train for the spectacular 55 minute journey to Flåm.
Or, if you desire, you can walk down the peaceful yet dramatic valley filled with waterfalls and tumbling streams all the way to Flåm completing a journey from fra fjell til fjord ("from mountain to sea").
Alternatively, you can shorten the walk by riding the train down the valley, disembarking at one of the intermediate stations and starting your hike from there!
The walking route down the Flåm Valley is along the Rallarveg, a narrow, well-graded gravel road that was built originally between 1885 and 1898 to serve as a construction road for the Flåm railway.
Shortly after departing Myrdal, the route descends quickly via a series of short switchbacks alongside a rushing stream.
The trail levels out as it approaches the hamlet of Kårdal.
Here, rocky buttresses constrict the flow of the Flåmselvi (Flåm River) resulting in a powerful, foaming cataract.
The route continues to descend at a gentle grade to the station at Berekvam, approximately midway between Myrdal and Flåm.
Continuing on, pass the Høge Bro (bridge) where you can watch the Flåm River emerging from a man-made tunnel into which the river was diverted during the railroad's construction.
Before reaching Flåm and its wooden church, pass the lovely waterfall called Rjoande, streaming gracefully down the Flåmsdal's western wall.
Overnight in Aurland
Breakfast & lunch included
Travel to the fjord-side village of Undredal whose name allegedly derives from the Norwegian word under meaning "wonder."
From Undredal a small boat will take you to a trailhead from where you begin one of the most exhilarating hikes in fjord Norway.
The trail leads by switchbacks to a farm (accessible only by trail) built on a cliff-top shelf of land 1,000 feet above the water.
The nineteenth-century farmhouse at the top commands a stupendous view of the cobalt waters of the Aurlandsfjord.
Enjoy a prepared lunch and a "million dollar view."
After lunch, if you desire, follow a rugged trail into the mountains climbing past several small summer farms (now abandoned) to reach a flat ridge high above the confluence of the Nærøyfjord and Aurlandsfjord.
The views from this lofty "balcony" are simply stupendous.
We especially enjoyed being in small towns with `real' Norwegians.
We found the food to be `home cooking' good, and we actually started to look forward to herring at breakfast!
We enjoyed every bite!
Overnight in Aurland
Breakfast & dinner included
After breakfast, a twenty minute drive brings you to Gudvangen.
Here, you can thrill to the spectacle of waterfalls like the Kjelfoss streaming off the 3,000 foot high cliffs that hem in this small settlement at the head of Europe's narrowest fjord--the Nærøyfjord.
Continue to an isolated and picturesque fjord hamlet surrounded by towering mountain walls.
From this point, energetic hikers can set off on a spectacular mountain crossing via an old, abandoned seter ("summer farm") track that offers almost aerial views of the sinuous course of the Nærøyfjord.
The route climbs through three glacier-carved amphitheaters skirting lakes and waterfalls before reaching the high pass at Vardane from where it descends into the tundra-like landscapes of the Jordalen.
For a more moderate option, travel by vehicle over an exciting road to the remote outpost of Breidalen.
A little-used path ascends through the vast, open meadow country of the Breidalsbotn to a mountain pass overlooking a cirque carved out of the flanks of the Skarsnosi mountain.
Overnight in Sogndal
Breakfast included
This morning hike high above Aurland to the summit of Prest, where you'll enjoy bird's eye views over the entire length of the Aurlandsfjord and the tundra of the high vidda which stretches away to the east.
Then travel by vehicle to the Lærdal, a valley well-known for its salmon fishery.
Walk the historic route known as the Vindhellaveg ("way of the winding incline") to the beautiful 12th-century Borgund Stave Church, one of Norway's best preserved stave churches, richly ornamented with carvings.
There were at one time about 1,000 stave churches in Norway; about 28 are left today.
The Vindhellaveg was first built in 1793 and rebuilt in the mid-19th century.
Today, the old road is closed to traffic, its grassy tread maintained for the delight of walkers.
You can return to the trailhead via the Sverrestig ("sword path"), a lovely trail meandering through quiet woodlands.
The Sverrestig is part of the old main road between eastern and western Norway, and it's at least 1,000 years old.
Continue by vehicle to Sogndal and settle in for an overnight stay and dinner on your own.
Your choices of activities were excellent.
In talking to other Norway visitors, our group seemed to be seeing more of the country and having a greater variety of experiences.
Overnight in Fjærland
Breakfast & dinner included
Travel by vehicle to Fjærland where you'll spend the next two nights.
For a moderate hiking option, follow the trail leading into the green and quiet Mundalsdalen.
At the head of the valley, a large glacial cirque whose walls wear a waterfall filigree awaits you!
Wild huckleberries and raspberries grow in profusion along the trail to Mundalsdalen and the open floor of the cirque invites wandering.
Alternatively, experienced mountain walkers can undertake a challenging hike following the trace of an old route across the mountains to Fjaerland.
The route starts at Anestølen, an operating goat farm in a high mountain valley.
The term støl refers to a summer farm where herds graze and milking and cheese-making is done.
From Anestølen, hike across the surrounding stream-laced meadows and begin a gentle ascent along the Langedal stream bordered by grassy meadows punctuated with twisted birches, willow thickets, and huckleberry patches.
After a brisk climb alongside a rushing cascade, the trail enters the Haugbotn, a large glacially-carved cirque carpeted with ferns, boulders and meadows where tufts of cotton grass sway in the mountain breezes.
Waterfalls cascade down the walls of the Haugbotn from snowfields high above.
The route ascends to the high pass at Sogndalseggi and skirts an ice-filled lake before descending through wild, lonely mountain basins into the Fjærland Valley.
After dinner in Fjærland, you might choose to take an evening walk on your own to enjoy a serene fjordscape of glacier-clad mountains rising from the sea.
Overnight in Fjærland
Breakfast & dinner included
Continue your exploration of the countryside and mountains surrounding Fjærland.
Fjærland's wealth of trails leads you through an "open air laboratory" of glacially-sculpted landforms.
If you desire, pay a visit to the Norwegian Glacier Museum (Norsk Bremuseum) which interprets the glaciers of western Norway (cost of admission not included in trip price).
The museum's exhibits are a great way to gain a deeper appreciation for the power of moving ice.
A moderately challenging walk leads to the astounding viewpoint atop Nesehaugen where fjord panoramas await!
Or you could choose a vigorous hike to the Flatbre hut in the Jostedalsbre National Park (Jostedalsbreen Nasjonalpark)---3,000 feet above Fjærland---from where you'll enjoy bird's eye views over the Fjærlandsfjord.
Enjoy "front row" vistas of the deeply crevassed Flatbre (glacier) as it descends from the main Jostedal ice cap and plunges over a cliff edge in the magnificent Supphellebre ice fall.
Overnight in Bergen
Breakfast & dinner included
Depart Fjærland to return to Bergen.
Upon arrival in Bergen check into your hotel before enjoying a funicular ride to the top of Fløien mountain for magnificent views over the city.
A network of forest paths descend the slopes of Fløien to bring you back to your hotel via the old quarter of Bergen.
The trip ends with a farewell dinner in Bergen.
Your lodging tonight and breakfast tomorrow morning are included.
Other Details about this Trip
The mountains of the Western Norwegian Fjords are "sea-level" mountains rising sharply from the waters of the fjords.
"Alpine tundra" environments are encountered at an elevation of about 3,000 feet above sea level.
No hike on this trip exceeds an elevation of 4,500 above sea level.
The trail system in Norway is, in general, less developed than in other parts of Europe (such as the Alps), and many mountain trails are wild and rugged.
Coming into approach at Bodø I was amazed at the scenery below, the Svartisen icecap - the third largest in Norway was clearly in view.
In fact the visibility was amazing - absolutely no haze with the haze layer below the summits.
Having done a virtual tour here before, I could recognise the mountains I saw.
I landed in Bodø on schedule at 14.30 and so my main task switched to buying bread, cheese and gas before boarding my 15.15 bus for the last bit to get to the start of my walk.
I was amazed I caught it - sweat dripping off my forehead - had one minute to go.
My first mountain to climb was a summit on the Børvasstindene group of hills - dominating the view from Bodø.
On our way the bus passed over a bridge at Saltstraumen, looking down at the water I noticed lots of turbulent whirlpools and a strong current.
Later I discovered that it was home to the world's strongest maelstrom!
So it was at 4.30pm that I was dropped off at the road junction leading to the iny hamlet of Børelva.
Off I walked along the track to the lake of Børvatnet where I striked off the path to head up the lower slopes of Børtinden.
The weather was cool with a brisk breeze and solid sunshine.
I couldn't have asked for a better start as I walked up the superb rock slabs to my first campsite at the lake of nedre-Tindvatnet.
I was now going to head south past Örfjellet to another cluster of mountains.
The skies were clear and I was confident about climbing a couple of summits today so off I went heading off track into the wide basin beneath Örfjellet.
It was a wintry valley, the lower lake was partially covered with ice floes whilst the upper lake near the saddle was completely covered.
Now my original plan was to climb Örfjellet from here but it appeared very steep - an easier route involved a long diversion back north again.
I reached the summit.
There was a concrete foundation so obviously there was a building here once.
I'd be interested to know what was here.
At last I could see my final destination, the airport was clearly in view.
The mountain itself was nice, the westward ridge was supported by a vertical cliff - I'm sure it overhang slightly.
And so I descended to my campsite but it had a clear northward view and so I wasn't going to get much sleep.
It was the end of another hot sunny day!
Jotunheimen is the highest mountain area of Norway.
The name "Jotunheimen" means "home of the giants".
Summits over 2.400 metres can be found here, together with many glaciers and large lakes.
Geologically, the area consists mainly of hard gabbro rocks, and the shape of the valleys betray the impact of the ice in times passed.
The area is unspoiled and, compared to the Alps, still quiet and wild imho.
Nevertheless, it is the most popular hiking area in Norway, both for the Norwegians themselves and for foreigners.
Second in popularity is Rondane, an area more to the East.
And third is Hardangervidda, a large, empty plateau South of Jotunheimen.
The Norwegians, who like hiking, skiing and fishing, have a unique system of huts, run by many local organisations.
The umbrella organisation for all of them is the DNT, Den Norske Turistforening.
You don't need to carry a tent or food for a week.
It is possible to walk from hut to hut.
(The reason I took a tent with me, was that I prefer camping in the open mountains.
Camping is allowed in the national parks.
Well, this country is vast!
A few tents are completely lost in the landscape.)
But now the huts: they come in three varieties: full-service huts, where food is served; self-service huts where no personnel is running about, where you can buy food and have to cook it yourself in the kitchen; and no-service huts, having a stove and beds with blankets like the self-service huts but where you cannot buy food.
The food in the self-service huts consists of tins, rice, knäckebrød, many types of dried stuff, coffee, chocolate etc. etc.
Skip.
You have to pay for it - beware! it's expensive - by putting the money in a little paper bag and depositing it in a safe.
You also need a DNT key to enter the self- and no-service huts.
However, in the tourist season most huts will be open, I guess.
Now the prices: you must count on at least 30 euro's for a night in a self-service hut and 50 euro's in a full-service hut.
This is including food.
Of course, if you drink wine or beer, the price rockets up.
These prices are for members.
If you are not a DNT member, you pay more.
Membership costs 45 euro's a year.
You can pay with your visa card in the huts, also in the self-service huts.
The snow was quite alright this time.
The descent was actually more enjoyable because of the snow, and deep below was one of those large, dark, pure lakes: Russvatnet, stretching in the form of a banana between steep slopes the ice once cut out of the hard rock.
It's about twelve kilometres long.
One more bridge - a hanging one this time above a river that rumbled like a washing machine - and I touched the shore of the lake.
Further in the south I pitched my tent on a pleasant flat piece of land.
Only the waterfall on the background roared like a jet engine; it's never quiet in these mountains!
The path from Memurubu to Gjendebu is a "ridge" walk.
After a rather exposed climb with views into the lake and the Memuru valley, the path continuous on a kind of plateau, with lots of lakes on different levels and other landscape elements left by the ice.
It's nice to roam about in this cluttered collection of stones, hills, lakes, streams.
Then you have a choice: descent to the lake Gjende or continue to Storådalen and walk back to the lake Gjende.
Most people take the steep descent.
The most exposed places are secured with chains.
After 500 metres steep descent, I walked through the open forest enjoying the many flowers and green scents.
It was raining a bit.
I passed a very calm lake, then a very large frozen lake (Langvatnet) with muddy shores.
Now I had to turn South sharply, into another short valley that took me up to a pass.
It happened four people passed me from the other side so I could follow their steps in the snow and did not have to think much or look at the map a lot.
It rained by now.
On the other side of the pass descending was an easy job in the snow and soon I saw the roofs of Olavsbu, a DNT self-service hut.
Only the uppermost building was open.
There was no one.
I lit the fire, put on some dry clothes and made lots of coffee and tea while comfortably watching mist and rain drifting along the windows.
Two people came in later that afternoon.
An hour later again a couple arrived.
The first couple left to find a camping place lower in the valley.
For more than an hour, we saw them looking for a place to pass the river, which was rather silly because there was a bridge just under the hut.
And we pitied them, because the girl apparently didn't want to camp at all in this weather.
The sky was still clouded when I woke up, but cracks of blue shined through.
I continued up into the valley.
At the valley bottom, I scrambled up a rocky outcrop and reached a kind of narrow pass with a frozen lake, mainly stones.
This time there was no running water, and therefore it was a silent place, nice to sit and warm myself in the sun.
I had to go over a second pass and entered a complex area of lakes, hills, rivers, moraines.
The clouds dissolved.
The mountain tops stood out sharply against the blue sky and mirrored in the blue waters of the lakes.
Because of the snow, I progressed slowly, but still I regard this walk as one of the finest, because the landscape was changing all the time.
In the end, I caught sight of lake Bygdin (a natural lake, but now used as a reservoir for a hydro-electricity) and a lot of little cabins.
The large, red fjäll hotel contrasted against the dark water of the lake.
I took the famous path over the Bessegen ridge.
I was not the only one doing this: some 50 people disembarked from the boat coming from Gjendesheim, and they all walked back to the hut they came from.
This path is said to be the most popular walk in Norway.
The path climbed a few hundred metres.
Here the path forked, the left branch going to lake Russvatnet - here I was the third day of my trip, and the right branch going to Besseggen.
For an hour or so, I had pretty views on the lake below.
The funny part was the place where lake Bessvatnet and lake Gjende almost meet.
The first lake is about 400 metres higher than the last one.
The ridge in between is rather small, some 80 metres, and then there is a straight drop down to lake Gjende.
Nice place to picnic, and so all the other 50 walkers thought.
The path continued up the Besseggen ridge, a rather steep ridge, with stunning views over Jutunheimen and straight down into Gjende.
It's not dangerous, you cannot fall off.
The ridge is associated with Per Gynt: "the dramatist Henrik Ibsen immortalised Besseggen when he described Per Gynt's wild ride on the reindeer across the ridge.
Not even the fall - or should we call it flight - into Gjende did any harm to Ibsen's mendacious hero, and none of the thousands hikers who have made the Besseggen tour has ever repeated Per Gynt's fall" (from: Mountain Touring Holidays in Norway, Nortrabooks, Oslo 1974).
The ridge ended, and a very gentle slope led to the summit of Veslefjellet, a stone plateau 1743 m high.
Here was the place and the moment to say goodbye to Jotunheimen - the mountains, glaciers and snow disappeared in the West.
In the East was Gausdal Vestfjell, an area with rounded mounds and (at this time of the year) not much snow.
The descent to Gjendesheim was rather steep and slippery.
Down at the lake was a parking place next to the ferry pier.
The national park surrounds Jostedalsbreen - the largest glacier on the continent of Europe.
This is a big plateau glacier with many glacial outcroppings.
In the national park there are also many smaller separate glaciers.
Glaciers and water have shaped the landscape with many moraines and other geologically interesting phenomena.
Fåbergstøls-grandane is the largest active outwash plain in Norway.
The landscape around Jostedalsbreen is characterized by large contrasts.
Within short distances you find a spectacular scenic variety, from fiord and luxuriant u-shaped valleys with farms and traditional agricultural landscape to barren mountains and glaciers with peaks rising to 2000 m.
Gushing streams, rivers and waterfalls cascading down steep mountain sides or deep down in the valleys are the hallmarks of the area, especially the Stryn and Loen river systems.
Jostedalsbreen constitutes one of the largest wilderness areas in southern Norway.
Some of the valley glaciers are among the most frequently visited tourist attractions in Norway.
Nigardsbreen Nature Reserve borders on the national park.
In the past, tracks and drove roads crossed the great Jostedal ice sheet, linking the western valleys with the inland districts of Sogn and south-east Norway.
Cattle and horses were driven across the glacier to be sold in the markets in the east.
This would be difficult today as the ice sheet has shrunk and is therefore steeper and has more crevasses.
Jostedalsbreen has long been regarded as an attractive area for walkers and hikers.
Skiing the length of the glacier has become popular in recent years.
Without specialist knowledge and proper equipment, however, walking or skiing on the glacier is highly dangerous.
The old routes in the valleys around the glacier, such as Oldeskardet, offers exciting walking tours.
Some of the valley glaciers like Briksdalsbreen, Bøyabreen and Nigardsbreen are among the most frequently visited tourist attractions in Norway.
Jostedalsbreen National Park covers parts of the following municipalities: Luster, Sogndal, Balestrand, Førde, Jølster, Gloppen and Stryn.
You may...
walk and camp anywhere in the national park
pick berries, fungi and flowers for your own pleasure
hunt and fish in licensed areas
You must never...
use motorised land or water transport
fly aircraft below 300 m or land in the national park
quarry for stone, minerals or fossils
damage wild plants or disturb wild animals
leave rubbish within the national park.
Easy, cosy and safe blue ice walk suitable for all from six years and older.
After crossing the lake (10 min.) follow the track up to the left side of the glacier (30 min).
You must meet half an hour before the hike starts.
This walk is not tiring but takes you through more difficult blue ice formations.
During the hike, you will experience the most spectacular sceneries at the lower part of the Nigard Glacier.
For those who prefer a more severe glacier walk.
In minor groups of max. 6 people, we walk and climb more difficult parts of the glacier as well as top roping on ice.
We explore the colours, formations and ice pinnacles on the crevassed Nigard Glacier.
Sunday morning 10.30 a.m.: 4 heavily loaded people leave from Finse Hut.
We walk against the clock around the glacier, in the direction of Rembesdalseter, an unserviced hut at about 7 (Norwegian!) hours from Finse.
At first we walk over the Rallarvegen, a cycle route from Haugastølen to famous Flåm.
With compassion the bikers look at our heavy backpacks.
Then a small path leads us away from this bustle and soon the last small huts disappear from view.
At the end of the lake we have our first break: we can still see Rallarvegen and the railway line.
A first day is allways hard.
You have to get used to the stones, the hanging bridges, the climbing and the snowfields.
But the first panorama makes it worth while.
For miles we can see around us: snowcapped black mountains and two clear green lakes lie before us.
Soon we split up in two groups, Ron and Nandy eagerly lead the way and we follow somewhat behind.
The sun winks down at us.
At the end of the afternoon, we are near the green lakes we saw before.
We desert the path and descend to the first lake.
A glacier tongue flows into it and we see some ice floes!
With a bit of scrambling you can get to the cold water.
We quickly put up the tents in the lee of a small hillside and cook for the first time in the open.
The setting sun fills the landscape with a soft glowing light.
We get in one of our North Face domes, play some games and finally dive into the sleeping bags.
Good night.
At dawn we scramble up the hillside again and walk through a moonlike landscape: black earth dottet with white rocks agains a scenery of bald snowy mountain tops.
At the second lake we pass a tent and the people wave at us.
At the end of that lake we come to a suspension bridge.
In spring the rivers carry a lot of ice chunks and extra water from the melting winter snow.
Therefore the bridges are built extra high, so they will not wash away.
But to get on the first step, that's a challenge for me (height 1.63 m).
But if Wim pushes and I pull myself up, I usually succeed.
During a break Nandy tries to sleeride on a snowfield, but it is not steep enough.
She is disappointed: she was very much looking forward to this!
Suddenly, far below us, we see a piece of a dam: we know from the map that Rembesdalsseter lies next to it.
We quickly begin the descend: first over steep rock, then over a goat path through low growth of willow, with lots of stones.
The bush is tugging at our trousers and shoelaces.
Ron and Nandy become dots in the distance.
Finally we get also down: legs trembling from the strenuous descend.
We enjoy the warm sun sitting near a small pool.
The hut is a litter bit further down; nobody is there.
A few years ago the lake was made into a dam because it flooded several times with dramatic consequenses.
In 1963 suddenly the lake flooded and a some villages were washed away!
The path meanders up and down on the steep shore through, again, low growth with large boulders, even larger boulders and then we have to scramble up and down over rock formations.
Hey, this is no hiking, this is sports climbing!
As soon as we see a flat piece of rock, we seize the opportunity: hooray for the geodesic domes (no pegs needed)!
Every evening we hold a taste contest: we write down which meal from Adventure Food (Birdland) is the best.
Apart from these meals, I composed meals at home from dried ingredients.
They are twice as heavy!
And that's not so bad, if only they were twice as good.....
That evening the sun sets in beautiful orange-pink colours against a deep blue sky with smokey grey clouds.
The mountains behind us are nephews of Ayers Rock: they are a smashing orange colour!
As a foto freak, this wonderful evening is a small gift to me.
Weather forecast: cloudy with a cold wind blowing: wear jackets!
We cross a suspension bridge over a roaring river: it flows from the glacier to the dam.
Then the climb: more than 300 meters over big boulders and loose rock straight up.
The only consolation is that it's our third day: as true Norwegian mountain goats we clamber up.
Well okay, as elderly Norwegian mountain goats.
At the top Ron and Nandy have grown numb from waiting for us in the cold wind.
Time for lunch.
There is no view: the clouds hang just over our heads.
According to the map, the path is going down from here.
With fresh courage we go on.
The clouds get thinner, dissolve and suddenly the sun is shining.
Finally we stand at the edge of a sheer cliff.
Far below a river meanders between folded mountains to a distant turquoise fjord.
The colours are magnificent: anthracite cliffs, deep green woods, and the road a white ribbon.
What a reward!
Our path leads us right alongside the edge and then steeply dips down to a lake.
Our legs begin to hurt.
In the remote distance, Ron and Nandy happily frolic about.
When we get down, we get no rest: a final climb of 250 meters awaits us.
The 'path' consists of huge steps: chunks of earth, grass and rocks.
It is like a giant staircase.
Halfway up I'm dead.
Wim sees me getting paler and paler with the effort.
He suggests to drop the backpak, he will get back for it later.
Thankfully I get my fleece, jacket and water bottle.
Then Ron descends to us.
Looking down from the top he saw me drop the backpack and understood the situation immediately.
He takes my backpack and the three of us climb on.
Nandy waited near their backpacks and quickly froze in the rough wind.
We give her a wam cap and gloves and look for a camp spot.
All of us are pretty exhausted.
There is no shelter and the wind howls around us.
We put up the tents right next to each other with the backs to the wind.
To thank Ron for getting my backpack I make freece dried yogurt with hot spicey appelsauce.
Delicious!
Early morning 06.30 a.m.
strong winds and bitter cold.
I defy the elements and take some pictures, but then succumb and seek the shelter of the tent.
When we break up the thents we go completely numb.
Wim says the wind is force 7 at the moment.
Combined with the tent temperature, 5 degrees Celsius, that makes it feel like minus 10 to 15 degrees!
Silently, thickly wrapped, we start walking.
Rocks are replaced by mosses and low bush.
We then descend a green slope, the wind falls and the sun shines again.
We slosh over a boggy meadow and descend further down coloring birches to Fossli Hotel....
that unfortunately is closed.
But some fifteen minutes further down the road (yes, a concrete road again!) is Liset Pensionat.
We treat ourselves to salmon, shrimps, crab with omelette and hot bread rolls.
A Norwegian food feast.
We also resupply on chocolatebars, nuts, candy and coke.
Relishing the memory we walk at the foot of the mountains past the last wooden houses.
Are we getting used to the climbing?
It seems to go easier than before.
Once on top we can see a section of the route of this morning.
Now the landscape looks like the Hardangervidda: round hill with lots of small pools.
Grand but a bit boring.
We almost get lost, but notice it just in time.
Again we put up the tents near a pool and, yes, in the wind.
This is still Norway, you know!
The route runs to the East, the wind blows from the West.
We see that it get's colder: the small vegetation now colors to a beautiful dark red.
Suddenly we look down from a hilltop into a valley.
A big blue river flows from the North to a big lake.
The route splits itself here: it's South to Kjeldebu and North to Finse.
We head North and even find a spot to lunch out of the wind and in the sun!
Satisfied again we follow the river.
The red vegetation disappears, the ground becomes boggey and muddy.
Wim tries to find dry passages.
Because of my impatience I dip my whole boot down in the watery mud.
Then the rocks come back again.
Today we also wanted to do the climb at the end of this valley.
But we decide against it at our last break: no climb today.
A bit further on we meet two young Norwegians.
Although it is already 4.30 p.m. they are heading for Kjeldebu.
We listen in disbelief: that took us 4 hours!
But because they sleep in the huts, they have far less weight to carry and of course, they practically walk these mountains from the day they are born!
They haven't seen any good campsites further on and advise us to camp here, next to the path.
We gladly comply.
Warmed up by a fierce scramble we walk along a small lake.
At the next snowfield Ron and Nandy bombard each other with snow balls.
Any vegetation is now long gone, just cobbles, boulders and rock.
My body is tired with 6 days of continuous effort.
We climb and descend and then there comes another climb again.
And climbing is definitely not my favorite excercise!
Then we come to a large snowslope with a gradient of some 40 degrees.
The track over it is luckily pretty mushy and offers enough grip.
You don't want to slip here!
Carefully we walk on.
After a while we scramble back upon the rocks.
A beautiful mountain vista lies before us.
That chears me up again.
A little while later we meet two elderly Norwegians who think we are Norwegian too.
We talk a bit before saying warmly goodby.
Our last lunchbreak: we exchange the last bits of shrimp cheese spread.
Some time further we can already see the hut in the far distance.
It's an optical illusion because it takes at least another 2 hours before we get there!
We can no longer hold Ron and Nandy back and they 'race' ahead.
Wim's knees hurt again pretty bad, so we take it slow and immediately take a wrong turn.
We have to walk back again and I'm in a foul mood for a while.
We cross a large boggy area.
Behind it the landscape becomes quite hilly.
We loose our sense of time and direction.
Still unexpected we stand at the lake.
At the other side Finse Hut is waiting for us.
We have to walk a concrete barrage and round the lake.
Our pace comes a totter.
Then at last we stagger into the hut at 5 p.m.
In the cold hallway Ron and Nandy faithfully have waited for us.
The four of us get a double room with discount, take a long long shower and then enjoy a true Norwegian dinner: Norwegian meatballs, elk meat with cranberries, Norwegian sauerkraut (it's quite sweet) and potatoes.
Liv er god: life is good.
Norway is rugged and very beautiful.
We were there from August 1-12.
The weather was surprisingly very nice the whole time, so that we hiked in tee shirts and the only day we needed any of the GoreTex and fleece clothes we brought was when we went up on the glacier.
The country is about the size of California with less than the population of Massachusetts, and we spent most of the time in the more remote parts.
The primary sounds were of the abundant and powerful waterfalls and streams (all of Norway's electricity is generated by waterpower) and the crunch of our boots on rock.
We went about 11 or 12 miles each day that we hiked - and each day we had very different terrain and experiences.
Our guide was Torger Møller-Foss, of Hallingdal Mountaineering, a Norwegian who can trace his family back 500 years and who earns his living as a farmer, a timber man, a game warden, and a mountaineering guide.
The first hiking day we headed for Finse, accessible by train, bike or on foot.
No cars unless you have a special permit.
To get there we hiked 11 miles of lichen covered rocky areas with gushing streams and lakes of greenish glacier water.
Although the weather was warm and sunny and we hiked in tee shirts, there were patches of snow in the low places.
The landscape was stark and gorgeous.
We crossed a swaying cable bridge suspended over turbulent snowmelt to a spot for lunch.
The hike terminated at Finse 1222, our hotel (which is 1,222 meters - 4,009 feet - above sea level), that overlooks a rockbound lake and on the other side, the foot of the glacier we would experience the next day.
The town of Finse consists of a train station and a small cluster of buildings surrounded by pristine rocky slopes extending to the horizon in all directions and the glacier.
The Hardangerjokulen is 3,000 years old.
Each winter 30 feet of new snow falls on the glacier and Finse.
Amundsen, Nansen and other explorers came here to test their arctic gear.
After dinner and our briefing I sat at one of the hotel windows overlooking the glacier.
The days are very long in August there and even at 10:30 p.m.
there was enough light to see and draw the glacier by.
By twilight it seemed all the more mysterious and impressive.
The next morning we spent 2 hours hiking past the lake across the rock approaching the glacier.
When we stopped at the base we changed into dry shirts (sweaty clothes are to be avoided up there), had lunch and then put on crampons and harnesses.
We wore the harnesses on our upper bodies.
There was another group nearby putting on helmets and wearing their harnesses pelvic-style.
They would be rappelling down into crevasses.
Not us, though.
This was our first experience with a glacier.
Torger roped us together, about twenty feet apart.
We were to proceed in a single line not letting the rope touch ground, since should anyone fall into a crevasse the less slack there was the faster we could brace to stop their fall.
We went up with Torger in the lead probing with his ice ax for crevasses hidden under the snow.
Since the weather had been unusually warm there was running water in places, pouring down into potholes three or four feet across and which fell the entire depth of the glacier.
These were holes to look, but not fall, into.
The other primary hazard is of course the crevasses, some of which are very obvious, whereas others are camouflaged by snow.
The ice of the crevasses really is blue as is written.
The surface of the glacier was irregular and grainy or slushy in some places, hard in others.
Crampons were certainly needed.
As we trudged, small dark spots littered the ice here and there - tiny clumps of decomposing fur and bone that used to be lemmings.
A few years back the remains of a German soldier who died on the glacier during WWII was extruded out the side by the compression of the ice.
On the way down we passed a monument to others who died up there.
At one point when we were stationary while Torger probed for solid footing I saw far in the distance an opening near the base of a rocky promontory.
There appeared to be three people standing still, spaced evenly apart.
In spite of my sunglasses they were so far off that I couldn't be sure and when fifteen or twenty minutes later they still seemed to be standing in exactly the same spot, I decided the verticals I saw must have been posts or something, not people.
Later, through binoculars, I saw that they were indeed people, roped together as we were, standing still because they were braced to hold whoever was on the end of the rope that extended down into the crevasse.
These were perhaps members of the other group we had seen earlier.
We crossed the arm of the glacier nearest Finse, then had one of our lunches.
Ahead our way down was over rock and snow, so we removed the crampons.
It took another hour and a half or two hours to come down.
We encountered a snowfield that looked very much like a ski slope at Sunday River.
Some of us ran down, some bum-sledded.
When we stopped to rest we were entertained by a mother ptarmigan and her six chicks.
That partly made up for Torger's disappointment that we hadn't seen reindeer up on the glacier.
Apparently because the other group had gone up just before us, the reindeer had moved off.
For those who go further in there supposedly may occasionally be polar bears.
The next day we took the train to Myrdal and hiked down the Flåm valley, which was spectacular.
It is hard to believe that cyclists survive the steep switchbacks we walked on, but they do.
The way begins high up and winds down into a lush valley sprinkled liberally with gushing threads of water cascading down from the snowfields at the top and making rainbows in the sun.
There were birches, aspens and evergreens and beautiful fireweed and harebell-like flowers.
All of the falling water converged at the bottom into a powerfully rushing river that churned the entire length of the valley on its way to the fjord at Flåm, our destination.
There is one small farm - the only visible structure other than one footbridge - and that is where we stopped for lunch.
Torger left us and went on ahead to take care of some things and we proceeded on our own.
The path at times was nearly invisible among the flowers and grasses, but the river was our rambunctious guide.
We passed an avalanche site where a stream had cut a huge arch in the snow.
The water is certainly the dominant aspect of each landscape we traversed.
This valley was spectacular.
After a good meal and a solid night's sleep Torger showed us the way to a Viking farm high on the hillside overlooking the fjord.
He told us stories of the Viking family who had once lived there.
His Norwegian perspective added a great deal to what was already a great trip.
What an asset to have a local guide, especially someone as good as Torger.
We then descended and boarded the ferry to see the two arms of the fjord near where we stayed.
The two arms join in a Y formation to become Sognefjord which is more than 200 kms long - the longest in the world.
The mountains lining the entire waterway on both sides plunge from great heights, sometimes nearly 6,000 feet, directly down into the deep, still water.
It is pretty incredible.
The next day we hiked the Aurland Valley - uphill all day.
After an hour or so of rugged terrain, during which time we didn't see another soul, we came to the "Good Wives' Avalanche".
It seems that the few farms up further in the valley had used this same path to get down to the road.
When the children accompanied by one of the mothers would come downhill to this point, which they incredibly did in the dark, at this point the sun would be high enough that there was light for the children to proceed the remaining hour on their own.
A half hour or so further up along the trail we came to a small log farmhouse that had been built under the protective overhang of an enormous boulder.
Rockslides and avalanches are commonplace hazards in this valley.
Torger also pointed out the tiny summer farmhouse of this same family, a speck high on the precarious hillside.
When once the farmer while walking his horse up to that site had left too much slack in the reins, he tripped on the reins and fell to his death far below.
We then took the bus to a ski resort where we had individual cabins and the main building had a heated indoor pool.
The next morning it looked as though it might rain and we could see that Torger was worried about his hay.
We had a quick conference and decided to experience Norwegian farm chores first hand.
We all went to his farm.
We saw two distinguishing features there.
The first was the traditional Hallingdal style log building he had.
The lower floor is narrower, with the upper story having an overhang, and bearing carved columns.
The roof members are topped by a layer of birch bark, then a layer of sod which grows into grasses and flowers and even sapling trees (the trees have to be removed).
This living roof provides insulation from summer heat and winter cold.
The other feature is the way the hay is put out to dry.
Saplings are cut into lengths with one end sharpened, and are driven into the ground at perhaps thirty foot intervals.
Strands of wire are strung the full length of the "fence", perhaps three of them, one above the other.
Then the hay is draped over this.
So, we took down the hay and raked and pitchforked it onto his tractor, getting it all into his barn in about 2 hours (we had blisters as trophies).
He gave us a tour of his beautiful house, we had lunch, then hiked for the rest of the afternoon through woods where there are elk, cattle and moose and then over miles of open country of a particular character.
It looked like my idea of what a moor must be ("Wuthering Heights", "Hound of the Baskervilles", etc.) so I took the opportunity to ask Lynne.
She informed me that it was heath.
She said that moor is mostly grassland, while heath has also scrub brush.
Later, part of the group went on ahead.
It was a wonderful experience to come over a ridge and see, so far off in the distance, tiny specks that you squint to recognize as part of your group.
In New England there aren't too many places other than at the ocean where there is such an unobstructed view.
The mountain range Jotunheimen is located ~350 km north of Oslo, Norway.
The summits are ~2000 m or more above sea level, and there are quite a number of smaller glaciers in the area.
Most of Jotunheimen has status as National Park, which means that special environmental regulations apply, the most important one being that no motor vehicles are allowed.
This makes Jotunheimen ideally suited for hikers and climbers that enjoy the experience of basically undisturbed nature.
The Norwegian Tourist Association (DNT) maintains a number of mountain lodges in the area, where those who don't want to camp can spend the nights at a very reasonable price.
However, the accommodation standard is below that of normal hotels, and there are few rooms with less than four beds.
So if you're in a party with fewer people than that, you must be prepared to share your room with strangers.
Most of the lodges also provide good quality meals.
Some are on a self service basis, i.e. there are supplies for sale, but you have to cook yourself.
In addition to the DNT accomodation, a few lodges run by private enterprise are available, the standard varies.
The DNT also maintains a net of marked hiking routes representing various degrees of physical challenge.
The easiest ones run in the valleys at ~900 - 1500 m from one lodge to another, others lead you to the highest peaks and along the steepest ridges.
As opposed to National Parks in other countries, you are by no means obliged to stick to the marked routes.
Norway has a special law granting everyone the right to unobstructed hiking anywhere in forest and mountain areas, regardless of ownership to the land, as long as you leave nature in the same condition as when you came.
As far as natural areas are concerned (i.e. not fields, gardens etc.), and provided you're on foot, there is no such thing as "no trespassing" in Norway.
If you choose to leave the normal hiking paths in Jotunheimen, however, you should not be a novice to outdoor life.
Even in the summer time the weather can change in only a few minutes, and if you get lost in rain (or even snow!) and fog the experience can be quite unpleasant.
A map of the area, a compass and knowing how to use those items is a must!
But anyway, the most undisturbed nature and some of the most spectacular experiences are (of course!) found off-route....
You should not rely on cellular phones, walkie-talkies etc. for emergency communication.
The mountains block the radio waves in most cases except up on the highest peaks, and for environmental reasons all link stations are located outside Jotunheimen.
The hike along Besseggen is perhaps the most famous mountain trip in Norway.
It goes from Gjendesheim over Veslefjell along a quite narrow ridge at ~1700 m down to Memurubu (sounds African, but isn't!).
Along the ridge you have a spectacular view of the deep green lake Gjende at 984 m on your left, the blue lake Bessvatn at 1373 m on your right.
One disadvantage with this route is that it can become rather crowded during the high season in summer!
Also, if you tend to get dizzy when looking down, you should consider walking it in the opposite direction of that described here.
Another mountain worth visiting is Surtningssui, about six hours' walk along a path in a scenic valley from Memurubu.
The summit of Surtningssui is at 2368 m, and the view in all directions is very beautiful.
Only a short section of the route about 1 km from the top is quite steep.
But when you reach there, you look straight down into a deep abyss to a glacier on the east side!
This should have been my first day of proper hiking but I woke to the sound of heavy rain on the outside of the tent, and it continued the same for most of the day.
Not wanting to get everything soaking wet right at the start of the trip I decided to sit it out.
At this point the body sized (or perhaps coffin sized) tent seemed a bad idea.
A pleasant day's walk along Russvatnet to a new campsite in øvre Russglopet.
The only slight snag was a shortcut along the lake side which involved a couple of intrepid river crossings.
I suppose that we British aren't used to the way that in glacial areas rivers are at their highest in the Summer.
Anyway to cross the Blåtjørnåa I had to break off a couple dead tree branches to use as poles and wade up to mid-thigh through the rather chilly water.
Next time I'll follow the path!
With some sadness I descended to Torfinsbu and took the boat - which claims to be Northern Europe's highest scheduled boat service - to Eidsbugarden at the other end of Bygdin.
From there I caught a bus back to civilisation in the form of the main road at Tyinkrysset.
This bus journey was one of the most memorable parts of the trip - as we drove along the unpaved road alongside Tyin lake there were the most fantastic views of the receding Jotunheim mountains reflected in the calm water.
Nordkalottleden is a hiking trail of 800 km total lenght, starting in Norway, passing through Sweden and Finland and ending in Norway again.
It touches Treriksröset, where the borders of the three countries have one point in common.
Conditions along the trail are varying greatly.
On some of the sections cabins are available where provisions are sold, on other parts you have to carry all provisions and stay in a tent.
The new trail leads along well established local trails for great distances.
So one could use the existing cabins.
Six cabins have been newly built.
Hikers can do a long-distance hike in parts or as a total.
The overall requirements , however, are significantly higher than, for instance, on the popular trails in Sweden.
There are several smaller and bigger problems that you have to deal with.
The norwegian cabins are locked.
You can rent a key for a small fee.
It is easy for members of the STF, we just deposited 70 Skr in Abisko and got a key.
The swedish huts have a hutkeeper during season, and out of season one room is accessible.
The finnish cabins are open, but can be smaller than the others and can be filled.
Some cabins have not yet been built, for instance Koie in Norway, so you need a tent on these sections.
The pre-existing trails are usually well-marked.
The sign of Nordkalottleden is not used very frequently as a marking, and sometimes you just find it at the cabin.
On some sections there are no possibilities to buy provisions, and the are no help telephones as in Sweden, so you are on your own, and in some parts you will rarely meet other hikers.
We set off at around 9.00am hoping to set off earlier.
We had 1000m to climb to the summit.
The good news was the climb to 800m was on a Forest track, the bad news was the trees from then on and the hot weather made it very tough.
It was tough going through the woods and once above the trees the going was easier but still tough.
Deep heather and shrubs existed above the tree line with vast boulder fields above 1100m.
We didn't get to the summit until 3.00pm.
The wind was static and apart from flies, all was silent.
We moved on across the plateaux using a DNT path, by now dad was complaining about blisters.
We kept moving until 6.00pm where we had found a place next to a lake.
We noticed quite quickly that possible camping opportunities were very limited to a narrow altitude band next to lakes.
There had been a drought for over a month here now.
Only isolated patches of snow fed any streams.
For me though the setting was remote given my experience.
The plateaux was undulating at 1100m +- 100m and the lumps looked a lot higher than they really were.
The good weather continued for most of the time we were here.
It was my intention to climb any summit that was on the map.
We did just that and although the summits rose up about 150 - 200m from the plateau, they felt rewarding once reached.
The going was tough over the boulder slopes and the steep bands of rock not exactly obvious on the map hampered progress further.
They did provide interest though.
The rock had fissures in them and in many of them we found melting snow which could only be seen at close hand.
Our plan was to walk back now towards Bletoppen and then when close to our way down, we would stop and camp.
We didn't set the tent up until it was nearly dusk.
The idea being that exposure to UV should be kept to a minimum.
With my previous tent, the strength of the flysheet was reduced that of tissue paper over the years of use it received.
The wind picked up and curiously the clouds above at ~ 2000m were going eastwards while at our camp at 1200m the wind was blowing the other way.
While having dinner, the clouds built up very quickly and dad got worried because of our altitude and the threat of Lightning.
We subsequently packed up and quickly headed down to the valley.
Gaustatoppen is by far the highest peak in the area and has the record of having the most extensive views in Norway.
With the plateaux base at ~1100m and the other summits at ~1200 -- 1400m, Gausta did provide us with some views.
We reached the hut up there in 1.5 hours from the road, as we climbed up, the view became increasingly hazy with gale force winds high up.
The next day was spent walking around the big lake present and then going to the other side of Gausta to climb some peaks there.
We climbed up to quite a big cave, though we didn't have torches to take a further look inside.
It started raining that day and it continued into the night.
The next day gave us some extensive views though and the haze had cleared away.
Our last Day walking.
This peak being a rise above the other rises on the undulating plateaux proved to be challenging navigation wise.
The 1:50000 maps only have contour intervals of 20m.
This means small crags present are only evident on the map by a small closing together of two contour lines.
Much skill is needed to accurately go over ground like this in mist though luckily it was clear weather but still challenging.
The views over the Hargangervidda plateaux were extensive and wanted me to explore the wilder places.
How to get to Norway
By Airline
Most people travelling to Norway will probably choose to travel by airline.
The most international connections go to/from Oslo International Airport Gardermoen.
This airport has direct connections to virtually all Norwegian airports, most cities in northern Europe and some cities in the United States.
Most travellers will find it valuable to fly with one of the great international carriers with a stop at their home airport.
Check out SAS (Copenhagen), KLM (Amsterdam), BA (London), Air France (Paris) and Lufthansa (Frankfurt).
For those crossing the Atlantic, Icelandair has the shortest route with stop in Reykjavik.
They sometimes provide good deals too.
Some of Norway's smaller Airports also have internatinal connections.
There are flights from Copenhagen, London and Amsterdam to Bergen/Flesland, and Stavanger.
Braathens operates an airline from Murmansk, Russia to Tromsø.
By Train
Many travellers use trains, due to favorable prizes and relaxed atmosphere.
There are direct international trains to Oslo S (Central Station) from Copenhagen, Malmö, Gothenburg and Stockholm.
There is also a train line from Östersund (Sweden) to Trondheim.
This is served by several trains each day with connections to Stockholm.
It is also possible to go directly to Northern Norway by train.
The rail line from Kiruna (Sweden) to Narvik was built to ship out copper from the mines of Kiruna.
This line played an important role during the war.
Today the line is served by normal trains, which give the visitor an impression of the contrast between Sweden's deep forests and Norway's fjords and steep mountains.
By Bus
There are a number of international bus connections from various cities on the continent.
Most terminate in Oslo.
Inquire at your local travellers agent.
For travellers going to Finnmark there is a bus service from Oslo to Alta through Sweden.
It should be possible to board this bus in one of the Swedish Bottenviken coast towns.
By Boat
There are a number of international ferry services.
Ferries from Kiel and Copenhagen go directly to Oslo.
Some ferries approach the towns on the Norwegian south coast from Denmark.
The shortest of these is the ferry from Hirtshals to Kristiansand which takes about 6 hours.
There are also ferry services from Hanstholm in Denmark and Newcastle in England crossing the North Sea to Stavanger and Bergen.
More determined travellers can also reach Bergen with the Smyril Line from Iceland and the Færøyar.
The only international boat connection in Northern Norway is the catamaran connection between Murmansk and Kirkenes.
By Car
Taking your own car to Norway can be a very nice experience.
Be aware of the special driving conditions in the country, especially in the winter.
Although all of the ferries crossing Skagerak, Kattegat and the North Sea takes cars, most choose to drive through Sweden.
The possibilities of roads to take from Norway to Sweden are endless.
Those going to Finnmark will probably choose to go through the northern end of Finland before driving to Karasjok, Kautokeino or Kirkenes.
If you are going to North Cape, be aware that you're missing a lot by not taking the Norwegian highway E6 at least one of the ways!
Travelling in Norway
By Airline
Long hauls in Norway is best done by airline.
Norway is a long country and distances are greater than in most of the other European countries.
You can fly from Oslo to most of the cities in Southern Norway in 1-2 hrs.
The trip from Oslo to Tromsø will take about 2 hrs.
Prizing on tickets vary greatly.
The best prizes are often given for tickets booked well in advance.
By Train
Apart from local trains in the Oslo area, the railway system is not very extensive in Norway and serves only a few main routes; from Oslo to Stavanger, Bergen, Åndalsnes, Trondheim and Bodø.
Anyway, if you're aiming at the mountains you will find that you usually will have to use train, at least on parts of your journey.
Trains in Norway are operated by NSB, Norwegian State Railways.
Tickets are fairly expensive, but usually cheaper than airline.
There are special discounts for youth, students, children and families.
By Bus
In most of the more remote parts of Norway, the only way to travel public is to use bus.
The bus network is comprehensive and reliable, operated by "Nor-Way bussekspress" which is a cooperation between many local operators.
You can go by bus virtually everywhere, but be aware that there is often only one or two buses each day.
In some areas the service will be cut back in the winter because of bad weather at mountain passes.
By Boat
On the coast there are a number of local boat services linking cities to nearby areas.
These can be a very nice way to travel as you can stand on deck admiring the fjord landscape as you go.
Major Catamaran routes include Stavanger-Bergen, Bergen-Sogndal (Sognefjord), Bergen-Måløy (Nordfjord), Trondheim-Kristiansund and various routes around Bodø.
If you go with bus or car in Western Norway you will probably not avoid using ferries.
All the fjords and islands make ferries a necessary part of the road network.
Most crossings only take about 10 minutes and will cost about 50 NOK for a car and 15 NOK for a person.
When driving, just follow the signs.
The coastal steamer is a route of cruise ships travelling from Bergen along the coast to Kirkenes and back.
Travellers with the coastal steamer are both tourists travelling all the way and local people doing only daytrips.
The steamer uses 7 days from Bergen to Kirkenes.
A full cruise Bergen-Kirkenes-Bergen will cost about 11000 NOK.
By Car
Taking your own car to Norway can be a very nice experience.
Be aware of the special driving conditions in the country, especially in the winter.
The road network in Norway is not as comprehensive as you will find elsewhere in Europe, but this is mostly due to our special nature.
Steep mountains and severe weather conditions makes a lot of tunnels, bridges and ferries necessary.
If you take your car, be sure to check out local conditions, especially if you come in winter.
Remember that the main roads often not are the roads with the best sights, as these normally has been designed for local transport.
This often means many tunnels, and you risk ending up seeing only the inside of Norway!
If you bring your car, be sure to use your opportunity to see small places off the mainstream road.
Light
The first new rule a foreign driver in Norway encounters is that he is required to drive with the lights on in the middle of the day!
The reason is special light conditions.
Due to the country's position far north there are long periods of low sun.
This gives the light in Norway a very special colour - especially in the winter.
North of the Arctic Circle there is a period with Midnight Sun around midsummernight, 21 June.
There is also a period of total dark around midwinter, the 21 December.
The length of this period varies with the latitude.
For instance Harstad had midnight sun from 22 May to 21 July, whilst Longyearbyen on Svalbard had midnight sun from April to September.
Most tourists come to see the midnight sun, but the Total Dark can also be worth an experience.
Despite the name, it is never totally dark on mainland Norway, but in the period around midwinter, 21 December, the sun never rises above the horizon in Northern Norway.
At these times, the only light during the day is a red coloured light around noon.
These times are great for viewing the Northern Lights.
The Northern Lights is particles from the sun burning in the atmosphere.
These lights only occur close to the poles because of the polarity of the particles and the earth's magnetic field.
To see the northern lights, if you do, will most probably be the greatest experience of your trip.
The light start as small rays of violet light in the corner of the sky, but soon spread out as a curtain.
This curtain rolls over and over again, revealing colours of green, violet and pink.
Sometimes it can be so strong that the entire landscape is enlightened.
The chances of seeing northern lights are highest in Northern Norway and Svalbard on clear nights in the Autumn and the Winter.
For some reason the "show" starts usually between 16.00 and 21.00 and can last for several hours.
Driving
Driving in Norway summertime should not be a problem as long as you follow the local legislation, and remember who you are.
Norway has a lot of narrow winding roads.
Therefore you should bring a light vehicle, with sufficient horsepower.
Remember; the locals know the conditions and the roads.
Stop now and then and let them pass.
Driving wintertime can be challenging.
The locals use special tires with spikes.
If you don't have them, bring chains and drive carefully.
In most of inner Norway, the roads will be covered with snow in the winter.
The main roads are treated with salt, but this means that the snow and ice will get even more slippery as soon as you get off them.
The most important is: drive with care.
Norwegians have special courses in winter driving and have been doing this all their lives.
Do not follow their speed.
Many mountain roads are closed during the winter.
Only main connection roads are kept open, but these can also be closed during bad weather or snow conditions.
Check with locals and look for the signs "Åpen" (Open), "Stengt" (Closed) and "Kolonnekjøring" (Line driving).
Line driving is a special custom to get important traffic across the mountain during bad weather.
The cars are gathered up in a tunnel, and drive in a line close to each other to cross the moutain.
If you encounter this: Use yellow flashing warning lights when driving, and DO NOT loose the sight of the car in front of you.
If you do, keep the lights on, and don't go out.
It's impossible for the plough driver to see you.
Protected Areas in Norway
General Protection
Norway has a very special nature, and many laws are given to protect it from being destroyed.
Firstly, the Every Mans Right gives everyone the right to be in the nature, as long as nothing is done to harm the nature.
It is illegal to put up fences outside cultivated areas, and it's illegal to put up signs denying anyone access.
It's also illegal to put up advertisement boards outside cities.
Travel with motorized vehicles outside roads is illegal without special reason and permission.
Such travel with snowmobile is legal on Svalbard and in Finnmark on marked routes.
It's also generally illegal to build huts, houses, roads or bridges outside cultivated areas without permission from the local municipality.
In addition to these general rules there are several kinds of special protected areas, where the rules are stronger.
These are:
Landscape Protected Area (Landskapsvernområde)
In these areas permissons will not be given for anything that will change the character of the landscape.
This is the mildest form of protection, and is normally given to medium-sized areas without roads or any other motorized means of transportation, but with some technical installations.
Wild mountain areas with some regulated lakes often get this status.
National Park (Nasjonalpark)
A National Park is a larger area without any technical installations.
A national park is according to the definition "an area where the nature is nationally and globally special, and therefore worth protection".
As this is written there are 16 National Parks in Norway, but the number is still rising.
National Parks do not have roads, and motorized travel is usually only allowed for critical missions.
Most of Norways National Parks today are mountain areas, and many of the most known mountain areas have this status.
Nature Reserve (Naturreservat)
The status of Nature Reserve is usually given to a small area with very special type of landscape, or - more common - wildlife.
Nature Reserve is the strongest protection.
Motorized travel is absolutely not allowed, and in some cases travel is not allowed at all.
(Although this is rare, due to the Every Mans Right.
It is usually only practised at bird colonies at the coast.)
There are many small Nature Reserves in Norway.
Mountain Lodges
Different types of Lodges
In most areas in Norwegian Mountains you will find different types of Mountain Lodges.
Many lodges are owned and operated by member organizations of The Norwegian Mountain Touring Assosiation.
These lodges meet a certain standard, and have standardized prices with discounts for members.
There are also private lodges, many of which also have discounts for DNT (Norwegian Mountain Touring Assosiation) members.
There are staffed lodges, selv-service lodges and non-service lodges.
At the staffed lodges you can buy meals (breakfast and dinner) and many lodges offer snacks, beer and wine.
Staffed mountain lodges are marked on the maps as red squares.
Self-service lodges are unstaffed lodges equipped with stoves, firewood and a stock of food.
You just take what you want and pay at the lodge with cash or your credit card.
This system is based on trust and is unique.
It might seem strange, but experience shows that people in the mountain are honest.
Self-service are shown on the maps as a half-by-half red/white squares.
No-service lodges work the same way as self-service lodges, except there is no food here, so you have to bring your own.
Anyway no-service lodges always have heating ovens and some kind of cooking equipment.
No-service lodges are marked as a white square with a red border on the maps.
Food
The food served at the staffed lodges is typical Norwegian-style food, unlike what you probably will find in city restaurants.
Dinner is typically three courses: a soup, a main dish and a light dessert.
The dinner will usually be a typically Norwegian course.
As for breakfast this is usually "koldtbord" which means unlimited amounts of cereals, porridge and bread with different add-ons.
Drink is milk, tea and coffee.
You will usually have the opportunity to make a packed lunch at the breakfast which you can eat outdoors.
Self-service huts naturally have a more limited choice of food.
You will find mostly dried and canned dinners, and different sorts of crackers for breakfast.
Bringing a bread might be an idea.
What to bring?
Most lodges (both staffed and non-staffed) requires you to bring a sheet sleeping bag.
Light-weight sheet sleeping bags can be bought at sports shops and at some staffed lodges.
You can also bring your normal sleeping bag if you want.
If you want to stay more than a couple of nights at mountain lodges you will find it valuable with a DNT membership.
This can be bought at DNT in Oslo, and at the different member organizations, which have offices in nearly every city in Norway.
For payment it can be wise to bring both cash and a credit card.
Don't think twice about bringing cash, stealing is unheard of in Norwegian Mountains!
